 Think why it would be ironic and connect it to a deserving picture which lost out to a shock win
 Last name can be derived from a famously terrible food item made by stuffing meat into a sheep's stomach
 Nope. Movie is Crash. It defeated Brokeback Mountain which is widely thought to have lost as Murica wasn't ready for a Best Picture winner about Gay Cowboys. Ironic coz Paul Haggis's daughter being treated poorly in CoS as she was lesbian
 Who was the oldest of Louis the Pious three children, who inherited the middle kingdom after his father's death in 843? One of France's regions is named after him.
 X is a type of institutional buliding where all the inmates of a buliding are watched by a single watchman and inmates are not aware of fact that they are watched or not..X is derived from name of gaint in greek myth who had 100 eyes..X..?
 The painting Le Fleurs was sold in 2008 for a total of £ 5.5 million, the highest amount then obtained for a painting by a female artist. What Russian painter (1881 -1962) painted this picture?
 In what city is the Palace of the Parliament located? According to Guinness World of Records it is the world's largest civilian administrative building, most expensive administrative building, and heaviest building. It was built on the initiative of a notorious dictator who was not able to make use of it before being overthrown.
 What was the name of the Scot who more or less on his own established the world's first central bank, Banque Générale in France in 1716? At one point he supervised a financial monopoly so large it has been compared with the top 500 US companies, US Treasury, the Federal Reserve System all being controlled by a single man. He was also responsible for the "Mississippi Bubble", a gigantic failure that toppled the bank, and hurt the French economy for decades, which also to a large extent kept the French away from the stock markets for generations.
 Also called "peak oil", what is the name for the point of maximum production of oil from one or several oil fields? It is named after the American geologist and geophysicist who created a model for the production curve, and who postulated that the US would reach its peak production point around 1970, which turned out to be accurate.
 Closing. Answer is Hubbert's Peak. Next question is one, I could not believe was there in Norway Open. What is the name of the animation movie made in 2008, which was the second Bollywood-production which received distribution by a Hollywood-studio? The main character is a dog in Mumbai, who is thrown out of his luxurious home by the family's servant while away in London, forcing him to fend for himself on the streets?
 When X gets his first outfit it turns out to be quite similar to a Thomas Gainsborough painting, Y. This 1770 painting was created when slavery was rampant in the Americas, but that isn't the connection to X Y. The painting inspired Zs debut film, Knabe in Blau, a 1919 silent movie that is now lost. This means A never saw it, so the film itself couldn't have really impacted XY. But Z was one of the great pioneers of cinematic language, and one of his great breakthroughs was a technique that allowed filmmakers to move the cameras, which until then, has been largely stationary. That technique's name? "Y camera technique."
 Norway Quiz saare shehero main nahi hua hain. Kal hain bahut main. Shouldn't release I think.
 Which Spanish violinist and composer (1844 -1908) is known for his work Zigeunerweisen published in 1878? He is also known as one of the greatest violinists of all time, and several composers, including Bruch (No. 2) and Saint-Saëns (No. 1 and 3), wrote violin concertos for him.
 What is the name of this stock character from the Italian tradition of commedia del'arte? Most often depicted as a crude and stupid figure, he is at the same time cunning and is often subjected to beatings.
 What was the name of the jazz pianist and big band leader, who lived as a man for 50 years, and even married without it being detected that "he" was a woman, until her death in 1989?
 The name of which Music Genre rhymes with a the common name of a North American Mamall known for its Chemical defences.
 What is the name of the musical instrument, which uses steam or gas to create sounds? Sharing its name with a figure in Greek mythology, it has been used to create music in circuses for decades.
 What was the name of the Russian actor and singer, known as the "Russian Elvis"? Also dying at the age of 42, this man perished in 1980 from heart failure after alcohol and heroin abuse. Over 1 million people attended his funeral.
 Most common first name in Russia( or at least thought to be) + A corruption about a question lots of people ask about a Russian Military pioneer
 What herb or vegetable gives its name to the massacre which took place in the Dominican Republic in 1937? The pronounciation of its name were used to root out Haitians living in the border areas, and those who could not pronounce its proper Spanish name were killed. Between 20.000 and 30.000 perished.
 Name of the vegetable can be derived from a word meaning to study (something) by looking at its parts closely
 What was the name of the French philosopher, mystic, resistance woman and factory worker (1909 - 1943) who wrote the books La Pesanteur et la Grace (1947) and Attente de dieu (1950)? Her brother was an outstanding mathematician.
 Which fashion designer is in particular known for designing the professional and personal wardrobe of Audrey Hepburn, 
among others for the film Sabrina that won the Oscar for best costume design in 1954, without the fashion designer receiving any credits?
 Not coming kal. Reading up is mainly to determine how far I have to go for doing well next year. Pretty damn far, as it turns out.
 What is the name for these breeches or pants, which we also find in the name of a basketball club in the NBA?
 Who portrayed one of the most racist stereotypes in Hollywood, Mr Yunioshi, in the movie breakfast at Tiffany's?
 What is the name for this "pubic wig"? Often used by 
Hollywood actors during breaks from nude scenes, to 
avoid having to be completely naked. The name is sometimes used in inside-jokes, and the president in 
the movie "Dr Strangelove" had this as his first name.
 What bands iconic single dust in the wind can be heard playing in the truck in the bridge scene of final destination 5?
 Which fashion designer, famous for her bridal gowns, has a name whose latter part sounds like a name for a schlong or johnson?
 Which Nobel laureates last name makes you think of a knighted lateral appendage of a stem?
 any kind soul here who is coming for Norwegian and wants to link up with me at INA and split the auto ride to Leela?
 I don't mind staying if the seating there is comfortable enough for me to sleep through the two hour gap lol
 Guys what is the usual time period before Stephens finally decides to give money and certificate for quiz, if at all?
 Mine wasn't quixotic, was a history quiz done last month, and they don't even bother to respond.
 I guess they contact the qc to do the quiz,  but cash ultimately dept ke haath main he
 There is a specific one, that kinda mimics a high tension moment in Star Wars franchise
 In every MCU movie somebody loses their arms in an almost similar fashion as Luke lost his when duelling with Darth Vader
 Which movie is this song from and why was it censored as it was there was something anti India Culture about it
 If censor board started meddling in that they would expose innocent children to the concept of orgasm
 The 1993 Bombay Bombings divided the underworld on communal lines. If D Company was Muslim dominated one and led by Dawood. What was the name of the Hindu dominated gang and who led it ?
 Nikhil a slight chip in the diamond could take away thousands of dollars worth of value
 Connect Prataparudra I, Ganapati, Rudrama Devi, Prataparudra II, followed by an invasion of slaves led by Malik Kafur TO a mountain of light that has been a bone of contention since forever.
 So those rulers are of the Kakatiya dynasty based in Warangal. The Kohinoor was first owner by them. Then in 1310, alauddin Khilji's general Malik Kafur raided Warangal and took the diamond with him, from where it went to the mughals, and then various others.
 There's a brilliant quote about the Kohinoor by one of Nadir shahs contemporaries. He said that if you take five stones, and throw one each north, south, east, West and above, and fill the space between with gold and diamonds, that would perhaps equal the value of the Kohinoor.
 >Which movie is this song from and why was it censored as it was there was something anti India Culture about it 
Opening Sounds like baba o reilly
 The Delhi Daredevils are looking for volunteers for the upcoming IPL season!
The Delhi Daredevils Crew is an exclusive volunteer program directed towards the most enthusiastic and dynamic young fans of the team. A team of 100 volunteers will be shortlisted from the pool of applicants, trained and deployed across Hospitality, Operations and Media roles across the stadium. The Delhi Daredevils Crew members will also get an opportunity to meet some of the most exciting players from the team. 
The volunteers will have to ensure availability on the following days:
15th April, 23rd April, 27th April, 29th April, 30th April and 05th May 2016.
Application Form: http://goo.gl/forms/T9s5K3tvPd
PS: Carlos Braithwaite has been signed by the Daredevils. :P
 Meri teacher mere muhh mein de dengi. She's anyway furious since I don't attend labs much anyway
 X, a huge fan of Monty Python, pawned his home in London and his office building, to raise the 4 million $ and fund "Life of Brian". When asked why, he said because I want to go see it. Eric Idle joked that it was the highest price ever paid for a cinema ticket.

Much of the funds earned by Y's album "Z" went towards funding "The Holy Grail". The band were such fans of the show they would halt recording sessions just to watch 'Monty Python's Flying Circus'.

ID X, Y, Z.
 If he gets cracking for the remainder of the season, yeah. Else he'll go for peanuts
 We don't. However with no European action due, chances are that some will inevitably end up leaving.
 The old Pato could have lead to such an outcome. The Pato of today, though resurgent in form, is nowhere near as good as Hazard is when in form and his old self
 Hotel Kakslauttanen is nestled in Finland’s wilderness. Each glass igloo is fitted with thermal glass walls and ceilings, that insulate the interior to keep it warm and cosy at night. 
Apart from insulation, what is the main reason behind using the glass in such extreme weather? 
Alternately, How does the hotel advertise itself ?
 Falafel is a deep-fried ball or patty made from ground
chickpeas , fava beans , or both. Falafel is a traditional Middle Eastern food , commonly served in a pita, which acts as a pocket, or wrapped in a flatbread known as lafa ; "falafel" also frequently refers to a wrapped sandwich that is prepared in this way.

The Amsterdam Falafel Shop, a restaurant in Washington D.C. recently made an addition to its menu by pairing the falafel it served with another kind of item best suited for consumption with that particular dish.
What is so unique in this change? Alternatively, give the item with which the falafel was paired.
 I'll close it. Aussie rules is the dominant code on the left. Rugby league on the right. It's called the Barassi line
 Talked to the girls at the end, she was like u can take 2 refreshment packets
 The fact that all other college kids from jk are busy playing counter strike in real life helps in cuttig down the competition for him
 There was a Brit plan to make Hitler less aggressive. They felt that they could curb the blitzkrieg if, Hitler was less war like. So, what did the plan involve?
 Satya had 50.

Anyway, the idiots gave me half points because I said rupee/rupaiya, and not Indonesian rupee/rupaiya, to the question, what's the currency of Indonesia.
 I went for an eco quiz at Miranda a month back. Fastest hand in the air was what they had instead of buzzers.
 Jammu used to be pretty bad. Governor ke neeche ek bar bomb pada tha. Republic day parade pe.
 If anyone is keen about attending the CBS Quiz bowl here's the schedule
Day 1: Quiz Bowl (06/04/2016)
Timing: 9AM onwards


Day2 (07/04/2016): Quizzes. 3 in number. 2 are main and one is a filler. 
Categories: Biz, India FLAME and a Comedy Quiz as a filler. 
Timings: 9 AM Onwards
 but it makes me money (i like to think so -  nothing that came in crucible north zonals was from biz prep afaik)
 Crucibled. 
Yeah. So to avoid paying taxes for the payout that he got from the FB schizz, he renounced his US citizenship, thus saving himself approx 700 mn.
 With the billions they are pouring into campaign finance, I would assume they would have got it reduced
 That seems to be the Republican motto.. Removing "Death Tax".. , removing any and all tax they can find, inserting loopholes..
 Q. SolidWorks Corporation was founded in December 1993 by MIT graduate Jon Hirschtick. They're into the CAD business and do reasonably well.
Question is, how did Hirschtick fund the initial investment of 1mn dollars for setting up the company?
 In the sense, there have been a few murders, but not more than 2 or 3. On a positive note, it's a whole new world to explore xD
 By the way, when I said whole new world to explore, I meant life after death and all xD
 It is a Tonight Show Web Exclusive series featuring various comedy actors and stand up comedians who are guests on the show as they recollect their lowest and worst public moments.
 Dialling this number 0118 999 881 999 119 7253 in the phone dialler on any Android phone running marshmallow causes the phone button to blink red and blue and the phone to vibrate. Funda ?
 Yeah.
There's a news collation option.
It tabulates the news for the day in a .mobi file and emails it to your Kindle.
 ok maybe 3/10 are decent. I'll ask anyway. Each was made in 5 mins, so quality is very so so
 when i say crucible-esque, what i really mean is that they are all EXTREMELY lazily framed  Not too many feminists here,  otherwise I'd have said feminazis gonna crucify joint in 3, 2..
 1. After a certain acquistion, this entity had a name change, and the reasons cited for it are twofold Kapoor, BCG coming to campus kal, if i get in, pls sit for corporate with me, pls 😂
 2. The Czech cities of  Plzeň and České Budějovice both have alcohol claims to fame - what?
 3. "It's got a gorgeous courtyard in the middle, and a lot more. It's a circle, so it's curved all the way round. This is not the cheapest way to build something." - someone on his last public appearance, talking about something. He died in 2011, and this something is yet to see the light of day. Who on what?
 4. To quote Michael John Baker from The Marketing Book , these terms  came into existence way back in 1954 with the company Proctor and Gamble paying their advertising agencies a different rate and separately from the agencies who took on the other promotional activities. What terms?
 5. Of which company, that dates back to 1909, did Thomas Friedman say - 
"There are two superpowers in the world today in my opinion. There's the United States and there's X. The United States can destroy you by dropping bombs, and X can destroy you by downgrading your bonds. And believe me, it's not clear sometimes who's more powerful."
 6. He was an Indian civil servant and the first Indian to be appointed as the Governor of the Reserve Bank of India in 1943 by the British Raj authorities. He subsequently served as the Finance Minister in the Union Cabinet(1950–1956). Who?
 7. Founded by Joseph-Armand ____________, on January 29, 1942, at Valcourt in the Eastern Townships,Quebec. This company started as a maker of snow machines or snowmobiles. over the years it has grown into a large manufacturer of other equipment. A Fortune 500 company heaquartered in Quebec, name? Why would Delhi junta be familiar with it?
 Framed randomly from one of their wiki pages.. 8. This is an Indian hotel chain, established by Roots Corporation Limited - a new brand under a category called "Smart Basics Hotels". The first hotel was opened in Whitefield, Bangalore in June, 2004. Name? #tatashit
 9. After attending USC's film school for two semesters, she left in 2005 and traveled the world. Among her stops was Nepal, where a particular trek inspired her, leading to the christening of something. Who/what?
 Almost ending. 10. When he retired from the company he helped changed forever, he received the largest severance payment ever. Who? What was he dubbed, (in reference to the an explosive) for eliminating employees while leaving buildings intact?
 11. In 1967 when the first basic models were about to be manufactured the designer wanted these to be black, red or green. As the prototype went into production, the machinist decided to finish off a particular color he had in his machine. This meant prototypes were made in four different colors, of which this fourth one and black were most popular. A choice had to be made. An internal vote was taken, and the result gave birth to... ? to what?
 The email says "we are on a tight budget, not only do we not have any money to pay for qms, neither can we pqy for the airfare
 So when James Monroe president again in 1820, he was elected unopposed, or would have been, if William Plumer of new Hampshire hadn't voted against him even though he supported Monroe completely. So tell me why did Plumer vote against Monroe symbolically, as a mark of respect to someone special, whose legacy they wanted to maintain, and the has succeeded till today.
 He cast a nay vote to ensure Washington would be the only president to be elected unopposed
 I am traveling from Chennai to Bhubaneswar.
And I went from my seat to toilet and took me 10 to come back.
Pura floor logo se bhara hain.
Darwaze aur first seat ke beech 10 jan hain.
And all along the floor, people sleeping.
Seat ke neeche luggage wale area main aadha banda.
 I mean you have to find hard to find a patch of land to land your foot on.
 I don't know if I'd be able to get off at my station. Itna bhara hua hain. 
Darwaza blocked.
 they keep talking about how "winter is coming" - seems to be coming for a while
 this is an attempt to see what kind of solar system/config would be needed to actually explain all that weirdness
 Why doesn't Samsung sue gionee for using s series for their phones?
How will Samsung name their new device s7 😂😂
 Connect a macabre dance, a celebration for critters, a little swan and a long haired hero along with a chick who cut his hair. It's a music question
 X wrote his composition Y when he went to see an exhibition of Z's paintings and saw his Nocturne In Blue And Green of the Thames at Chelsea. He felt that the title would reflect the European and American influences he desired to showcase. Despite not yet having written down much of the piano part, X scored a triumphant success with his composition.
 Thought the contents were something that Humanity could do without, the last thing to come out of it was a really positive sign. 

What am I talking about, and what's the last thing that came out?
 Which 1987 Cult classic which also features on Steven Schneider's '1001 Movies you should watch before dying' prompted the family of Jimi Hendrix to take full control of usage of his music as they became distraught about the ubiquitous connection of his music to drug culture and intoxication.
 Should have. If you haven't  I'll recommend that you watch after I give the answer out
 heard the name of the film, but havent seen it and wouldnt have crossed my mind
 Winter, autumn, Pluto, joy,  a Corinthian jar, envy, Cleon, tomatoes, moon, onion, meaning, psyche, solitude.

Connect. Not exhaustive.
 The Ghost in the Shell had a sequel with the most unimaginative title for such an innovative franchise. What was this title? Workable hai.
 Yeah but it's about low lives who want to get intoxicated all the time with Hendrix hits in the background
 OK . now not sure it was a sequel but definitely the latest in the franchise.
 OK for my question you don't  need to know anything about Ghost in the shell to figure it out.
 the actor is known for creating and acting in a closely themed comedy movies from the 80s
 Interesting stuff man. Atleast better than writing 15 pages on characteristics of animal and plant cells
 While crossing the road look at left and right side first. 

NB: If you are a resident of West Bengal look above also. Development may come down on your shoulder at any moment.
 In the 2013 movie "Internship", the characters played by Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn go to Google as interns. While discussing ideas for an app they have to make as a project, Vaughn gives the group an idea. The app should do something and "put it on the line". Others tell it already exists. The joke of the scene is him going on describing more features, always ending with "on the line" and others saying it already exists and corrects him to "online". Which app is described?
 Hey guys,
Hope most of you are making the morning trek to Mansarovar tomorrow. :)
Since we are a broke quiz soc, (like most quiz socs) we can't afford real buzzers, therefore, it'll be a big help if you could download this ultra small app and keep it in your phone

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ohm.buzzin

Hope to see most, if not all, of you turning up for the Quiz Bowl.
 Guise, please come tomorrow. It'll be good fun, it's a fun format, there's a minimum of 120 questions that you'll get to see (30*4), and probably more in the finals. The fundae are nice, and so is the monies. Will post a few rejects at around midnight
 X used the phrase – after reading Y – in which he drew parallels between his economic theories and biological,  ones, writing, "A (phrase) which I have here sought to express in mechanical terms, is that which Y  has called 'B (phrase)', .

 It was then suggested to Y about readers thinking that the phrase B personified nature, and said this misconception could be avoided by "by adopting X's term" A.

Identify
 It was not Herbert Spencer. But it was an economist that inspired Darwin to think that due to some reason all organisms do not reproduce to their full potential
 In fact, the "it was suggested" part of my question is a suggestion from Wallace, himself.
 Here goesIn the mid 90s Dava Sobel wrote a book about John Harrison titled X: The true story of the lone genius who solved the greatest scientific problem of his time.
A bestseller, it was also adapted into an award winning 2001 tv series titled X starring Michael Gambon.
Just give me harrison's achievement
 Like. If you search a particular topic every article you find is gonna mention her name
 evidently they did not know the cause earlier, like "pata nahi kyun mar rahey hain bc"
 The name came into use after Julius Caesar and whether it was used widely before him amongst Romans is unknown. The term may be Gallic in origin. Caesar reports hearing from his Remi allies that the term ______ was used for the group, and that these tribes had historically come from over the Rhine. So the name ______ seems to have been extended to cover the similar tribes in the area understood to be their homeland. Some generations later, Tacitus claimed that this is precisely what happened, saying that the Tungri of his time, who lived in the area, had changed their name, but had once been the original _______. Tacitus wrote in AD 98. What term was derived thus?
 A little follow up. Germanic tribes like the Saxons, Suevi and Alans kept trying to go to Rome but failed miserably till X of the Y tribe sacked Rome in 410 ad, thus effectively ending the unified Roman empire.
 Alaric, King of the Visigoths was responsible for the downfall of the Roman empire in a large part
 apparently age of empires 2 knowledge gets you just around the answer, not close enough tho
 X was a overweight, red-bearded Viking known for his frequent raids into England and sometimes even modern day france. He was of Norwegian lineage which he is said to have taken great pride in. He was succeeded by his son Hamlet and in some cultures is known as Olaf.
X please
 The final sack of Rome took place in 455. During the Enlightenment, Rome was idealized, while the tribals were blamed for its destruction. The X may not have been any more destructive, but they did inspire British poet John Dryden to attribute certain acts to them.

The term Y was coined in 1794 by Henri Grégoire. The term was quickly adopted across Europe. This new use of the term was important in colouring the perception of the X from later Late Antiquity, popularising the pre-existing idea that they were a barbaric group with a taste for destruction.

Identify
 These are the less known in a list. Much the millers son, William scarlock, alan-a-dale. Who are they and give the fourth fatty who completes the list.
 Its trial by fire, 
and questions are the flames....
From workable fundas to
Kwijj Master ka dhanda...

All this and more at-
 
 Buzzinga- The General Quiz by Quizento-The Quiz Club of JMI  in Encomium 2016. 

Date - 10.04.2016
Time- 12.00 p.m.
Venue - Faculty of Engg. & Technology , Jamia Millia Islamia.
* Teams of 2 ; cross- college allowed.
*Please bring your ID cards.
*Cash Prizes at stake.
Register yourselves at:- http://goo.gl/forms/g6x4SCUQMa

Contact - 

Samir  - 9818677166
Sreshtha - 8010443954
 Der Ring des Nibelungen is a cycle of four epic music dramas by the German composer Richard Wagner. A scenography for an 1876 production of the this work, is often said to be the source of which popular misconception?
 Sreshth, if you are reading this, that's the movie that promoted me to say "Munich, but not Manchester United" if you remember  Nope, not it. When horses gallop, there are times when no leg is on the ground
 So what Iacocca said in response was that "its a wild horse, can run in whichever direction it wants to"
 It is ringed by classical and Biblical giants, who are said to be standing on an edge. They include Nimrod, Ephialtes, Briareus, Tityos, and Typhon. There are four concentric zones. These rounds correspond, in order of seriousness, to family ties, community ties, guests, and liege lords. They are frozen in a lake of ice known as Cocytus, with each group encased in ice to progressively greater depths.

First is named after Cain. Second after Antenor of Troy. Third after probably after Ptolemy, son of Abubus. Fourth is named after _____.

What is being described. Be specific.
 With help from Plancius Peter, a Flemish minister who was engaged in producing maps, globes and nautical instruments, some people sought for an access to Asia to circumvent the privilege given to X. 

X employed Henry Hudson but he failed. So Isaac Le Maire, Sam Blommert and others tried the same.

At a war between 2 European nations was on. Grand Pensionary Johan van Oldenbarnevelt offered to suspend a part of X's activities in exchange for a truce. In 1619, his opponent Johan van Oldenbarnevelt was beheaded, and when two years later the truce expired, the Y was established.

Identify
 And siddhant, you would get half points because the thirty years war was a part of this
 Name the enlightened Russian king who later became paranoid af about his life, who brought the Grand armeé to a halt.
 The official title of Russian Tsars includes this phrase "Tsar/Tsarina of all Russias". So how many Russias are there?
 Kitaab Summer Internship 2016 - OFF TO PUNJAB !

Experience the Panjabi life in its true colors while working hard to build the love of reading and learning in a village school near Sangroor (55 km from Patiala)

Internship Dates: 20th June till 30th June, 2016

To apply visit - http://www.kitaab.com/applypunjab/

Last Date to apply: 12th April 2016
 Russian makes sense 
alot of our military equip,  specially aircrafts have instrument panels in russian, initially
 you guys remember Akhtars rant after their team Pakistan lost in the world cup last year?
 The British came, saw and conquered Mawsynram, in Meghalaya. They abandoned it soon after, though. Why did they abandon it?
 Connect the river where Rasputin was drowned to saif ali khan saying 'thand ka maza lo' .
 someone ask ME biz questions 
if i win the damned car,  ill drive you to your college for ONE day
 Here's a doggerel, fill in the blank. It was made up by the good chaps at Eton, when this guy went to school with them
 My name is X Nathaniel Y
I am a very superior person
My cheeks are pink, 
My hair is sleek
I dine at Blenheim once a week.
 Guy in question did time in India, in reaction to a line he drew, people went maaaf
 Imagine how he must be as a kid, when chaps at school made this up for you
 Just uploading. Here's the textual part. Who is reading out 'She loves you' by The Beatles and who is he portraying?
 Guys
I have a cousin in school who wants to witness a college level quiz
Can I bring him along for the quiz bowl today?
 We're most probably going to do a Travel and Living quiz in DTU sometime around 18th-20th April. How many of you are willing to show up?
 I submit almost two assignments every week, have math tests before every class and give an exam every fucking Friday. Tell me about it.
 Ashoka University's quiz SOC page says that they will start the Gen quiz at 1
Which implies they will start at 2, right?
 1 PM bole toh 1 PM. We aren't running on Delhi Standard Time, since we have to transport you guys as well
 The Ashoka Quiz Society proudly invites all college and school students to our first ever quizzing festival - Chakra View 2016! Two days, three quizzes and over 30000 rupees worth of cash prizes to be won. And the food and transport is on us - just take the Yellow Line to Jahangirpuri! 
We have General on 9th @ 1:00 PM and BizTech and MELA on the 10th of April, 10:00 AM and 2:00 PM. For more info, visit us at facebook.com/Ashoka42. See you there this weekend! :)
 ✨INQUIZZITIVE is back!✨ 

ULLAS, the annual fest of Kamala Nehru College is almost here and Kaleidoscope, the quiz society of Kamala Nehru College presents its annual quiz Inquizzitive'16 for you all to exhibit the quizzer in you! 

A GENERAL quiz, Inquizzitive brings together a blend of topics for you to battle your neurons against people of your kind! 

The details are,
DATE: 7th April, 2016
TIME: 10am onwards
VENUE: Seminar Room, Kamala Nehru College

Teams of 2 members only. 
Lone wolves are not allowed. 
Cross-college teams are welcome. 

Like always, we keep ON THE SPOT registrations open (9am onwards), but can you wait till then? 😀

Register your team now with,
Sharanya: 9871762542
Soumya: 9711722033

*Cash prizes worth Rs16k to be won*

For further queries kindly contact the above mentioned. 

Do not forget to check out Kaleidoscope's official Facebook page: https://m.facebook.com/kaleidoscopeknc/

Looking forward to your participation! 
Let's get Ullasified❤
 3 quizzes at CBS vs 1 shady quiz at knc + travel time to cbs+ just witnessing 1 good quiz at CBS when you could've sat for 3
 This is when you decide the kind of whore you are - quiz whore or money whore
 Sahi hi toh bol raha hai. At the end of the day, we all remember that one time KNC screwed us over. Better come to CBS where a proper quiz is guaranteed. It isn't about momey as much as it is about the worth of the quiz
 Naman is like the free basics marketing guy, trying every frigging thing to pull the crowd in his favor.
 Also - win the 3 quizzes at CBS tomorrow, you'll win as much money as you would @ knc + bragging rights
 eh. sahi to kar raha hai. better promotional tactics than reposting an annoying 100 page writeup
 the kinds that go "are you furiously curious?? ready for some mind games??" etc etc. annoying hoti hain >_>
 Nothing, Shanav.
Free basics marketing campaign was pretty good, not talking about the product, Naman's doing a good job.
 Baijju Shyam detailed his experience of travelling from rural India to paint murals on the walls of a restaurant in a foreign country in a book titled X. The name X paid homage to another literary work of the 19th century which will come in to limelight once again due to a motion picture. Using these clues and the illustrations, identiy the book authored by Baiju.
 So internal session main pichle saal Mera question tha, what place was so named for the Persian for dead Hindus? People answered kabristaan and stuff like that
 In 2005, X created the Galena Mills Corp., in the British Virgin Islands. That same year he signed a contract with Puma AG that guaranteed him payments of at least $1 million over five years. The payments from Puma were channelled through the offshore company. The records show that his mother was listed as the company’s owner.

The Puma deal ended in 2008, a few months after he joined Real Madrid. The Mossack Fonseca files also show that the former footballer also held a Swiss bank account with UBS.

Who is X?
 What last/middle name connects the following?

1. Prince Oberyn's role in Narcos
2. Current President of Mexico (He was also president between
3. 2 Presidents of Argentina
4. A President of Paraguay
 Which website celebrated April Fools Day this year by modifying their usual service and instead theming it on a member of the Zea genus?
 Though I remember this one video on RedTube which said "white butt gets laid out and creamed" and it turned out to be fucking garlic bread on which butter is being applied -_-
 This jumbling up has been happening to me for quite some time now when multiple people post simultaneous msgs.
 What sport also called octopush uses a 3 pound lead piece covered with rubber or Teflon called Squid?
 Mo'ynq is a former fishing town, and was this country's only harbor. 
The decline began when the sea decided to recede, leaving the town with nothing more than a couple of thousand inhabitants.
So, what country is Mo'ynq located? 

Don't Google
 There were multiple websites mentioning a fact that three individuals were classmates after a certain achievement by one of the three. 2 of them plays the same sport for different countries,whereas the other person is an icon from the world of music. Id all 3.
 Does the Ashoka University Quiz Fest have a tech Quiz? Also, can someone post a schedule of events?
 What three word phrase frequently used in the Book of Ezekiel, connects a song in Disney movie Tarzan, a work by Rene Magritte?
 Which is the largest island in Denmark? It's name would lead you to connect a cricket playing nation with it but why'd it be wrong?
 Alfred Hitchkok once famous stated, "the length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of _____ _______. (5 7)
 What designed by Kevin Laughlin has a musical instrument in its centre with tree branches which forms letters showing the company that commissioned it?
 Bhai logon, here's the registration form for Chakra View 2016, Ashoka University's inaugural quizzing fest. 
http://goo.gl/forms/jFBv6rk4oB
Pliss to come. Transport from Jahangirpuri Metro to campus and back is free.
 If one can just go with the motions of a quiz which is 5/10 in content
 He was born as John Henry Brodribb. He established Lyceum Theatre. He was the first actor to be conferred knighthood. Who?

The business manager of his Lyceum theatre became more famous than him. Who?
 7. He never married nor had children. In his will, he wrote that his wealth would go to his nephew or any successor of him after his death. However, if the nephew died first, according the will, his wealth would be used to build something in Washington DC. His nephew died before him.

Hence, what, which bore his name, what built in Washington DC in 1846?
 9. Who or what was named after the _____ Segali, the owner of the warehouse which was the hq of the company's US office?
 10. Special Operations Executive (SOE) was founded in 1940 to conduct warfare by means other than military engagement, in UK.

What is their nickname, tracing to a literary series
 15. Ditloid puzzles are puzzles which use numbers and letters to abbreviate the answer. It gets its name from one of the earliest of its kind that came in the Daily Expression newspaper.

If that question was 1DITLOID, what is the answer?
 7. He never married nor had children. In his will, he wrote that his wealth would go to his nephew or any successor of him after his death. However, if the nephew died first, according the will, his wealth would be used to build something in Washington DC. His nephew died before him.

Hence, what, which bore his name, what built in Washington DC in 1846?
 And of course Samuel Beckett used to drive him to school in his car, not truck as far as I know
 Q10.Name the famous designer who created Barack Obama Hope poster. Inspired by which famous person's poster?
Who used to drive the above mentioned person to school in his truck?
 Following this thread I realised my WhatsApp messages are getting jumbled. I'm not getting them all chronologically. Any solution for this?
 When I open WhatsApp after a while and the messages load at once the order is all fucked up
 no idea da
cant even figure out what critter that is. . although i think i have probably heard of it
 This lyricist and poet saw his career skyrocket when he worked for a 1950s movie which shares its name with a historical landmark in India. His pen name literally comes from a word for moon and the place he was born in, which was the general trend for writers those days. ID.
 Also,If the order is messed up just press home button and remove WhatsApp from recent chat. @Akash
 Literally meaning “seastar”, this name was  originally given to Polaris since it was   used for celestial navigation at sea. However, It came to be associated with the Virgin Mary through a transcription error, thanks to the fact that her Hebrew name Miryam can be parsed as Mir+Yam meaning“ drop of the sea”.  A copying error made the Latin phrase mean “star of the sea”.The name stuck and later gained its own theological explanation that Mary is the guiding star to reach Christ while journeying amidst the storm tossed waves of life. Consequently,Virgin Mary became the patroness to sea farers and this name is used for many coastal churches. 
What name ?
 Heart transplant = break ribs, remove lungs and stomach, cut out current heart and thrown in new heart
 X is an award presented to a past Y nominee or winner who had crossed into more appreciated works in film. The award was introduced in 2014 and was presented to Ben Affleck. In 2015, it was given to Sylvester Stallone.
Identify
 "However, concerns about growing recessionary risks – and perhaps even the popularity of ......... have motivated investors to investigate any potential source of weakness. Consumer sectors that involve large initial outlays, such as housing and autos, provide a natural place to start. Combine that with recent headlines from Fitch suggesting that delinquencies in some sectors of the auto ABS market have reached 20- year highs, and you get a target sector for investors’ concerns." - Recent Comments by Morgan Stanley. What're the blanks? (not a single blank answer)
 --Bukhara of ITC Maurya, 
--The Spice Route of Imperial restaurant, 
--Threesixty degrees of The Oberoi, 
--Wasabi by Morimoto at The Taj Mahal Hotel,
-- Orient Express at the Taj Palace Hotel,
-- Sorrento at Shangri-La's, 
--1911 at The Imperial, 
--West View at ITC Maurya, 
--Nostalgia at 1911 Brasserie at The Imperial,
--Travertino at The Oberoi.

What two word term coined by Zomato, will connect these 10 restaurants of Saddi Dilli?
 nah. something specific - imagine how a very average person might be affected in investment decisions by something really recent
 basically, something that was really popular in 2015 has led really average folk to be more curious about the investment decisions they make and be extra conscious
 Which unruly group of dacoits murdered Razia Sultana, one of the few female rulers of Indian history? She was from the Delhi sultanate.
 Hi @Twitter. For tomorrow X needs more than 140 characters. Please change rules for X

FITB and/or Funda
 He was obviously getting a lot of questions in and needed "needed more than 140 characters"
 He's the same guy who did Delhi quiz at JMI ACS. Tu jeeta tha jisme 😜😜
 Yes, Samir is the QM for Buzzinga and cash prize is there for sure.
Also, as iterated by ACS and others it will be na-shady ! 

The only disclaimer - I am not from the Engg. Dept 😝
 Guys I am conducting the quiz and the quiz can be anything but shady. Last time at Jamia Hamdard (Delhi Quiz) teachers there were like "How dare you conduct such a quiz?"
 Voh thoda paradoxical ho jayega, I'll give the wrong answer to myself, the quizmaster who knows the right answer
 What characteristic do Bunji, Machel, Bounty, Bolt, Serena, Shelly Ann, Beenie, Mandela and a few more share?
 Quizzing is the only place where everyone wins. If not the prizes then definitely the information and fundaes
 American Protestant Evangelical interpreters regularly see ways in which they,  speak to contemporary events. Some who believe it applies to modern times can interpret them based on various ways their colors are used. Red, for example, often represents Communism, the white one as Catholicism, Black has been used as a symbol of Capitalism, while Green represents the rise of Islam. 
What?
 People coming to Ashoka tomorrow, we have arranged four shuttles for you from Jahangirpuri metro station at the following timings P.P.S. We have good food outlets so hungry people, come with a bit of cash 😜
 We are still trying to arrange refreshments, though I can't guarantee stomach filling value tbh owing to our budget 😜
 Well guys if Ashoka does not provide food
You can always ask for treat from
Mayukh sir, Mukund sir, Sreshth sir, Abhimanyu sir, Crucible North Zone winning treat
 Hehe. Mayukh pls serve as much to each person as you'd like to be served to yourself 😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜
 But wait, on the contrary this can be turned into the question - In which movie would you see a similar scene towards the very end ?
 Okay, by any chance is  anyone having that guess the name of the movie/ song by emoticons message forwards ?
 Okay, by any chance is  anyone having that guess the name of the movie/ song by emoticons message forwards ?
 (I think this would be #kolstylzz) X Hargreaves and Y Davies, it is said, once met at an exhibition commemorating the author who used Hargreaves as the inspiration for the titular character of his world famous novel A. Y Davies was the inspiration behind the novel B In the TV series sherlock, episode “A Scandal in Belgravia”, sherlock says the dialog “It’s coventry all over again. The wheel turns, nothing is ever new”. What did sherlock mean by that?
 In the sense, they've figured out the code but they don't want the Germans to know that they've figured out the code
 This guy was born as Carlo Pietro Giovanni Guglielmo Tebaldo X in Italy in 1882.
Something is named an X ------ after him.
The vague hint I will give you is phir hera pheri
 Par "hum jis foreign company mein invest karte hain, wo hamein hamara paisa 7 din mein double kar ke dete hain"  As per the director, he doesn't believe in numbers. He did not choose the number X  because the team likes it. The number was chosen as ______ with that particular number in an important document talks about one of the fundamental rights of a citizen. The game in the film somehow snatches that right from the player. The story is related to it. Hence, the title was chosen as the team thought it is important to bring in this number into the film. 

Which 2013 film?
 And guize, plijj come for our quiz today. Free transport to campus. Jahangirpuri tak aa jao.
 People coming to Ashoka, we have security staff stationed between gates 3 and 4 of Jahangirpuri Metro Station-which is also the boarding point of the shuttles. They are wearing blue G4S uniforms and will assist you. See you later!
 all the best Ashoka Guys,  I hope it goes all smoothly. gutted at not being able to make it.
 Kal please turn up at Jamia. Quiz will be nice, I made some of the questions.
 X is a mythological figure of Greater Iranian legend and lore.
He is the son of Esfandiyar, grandson of Goshtasp and father of Dara.
His reign is important reference in Zoroastrian literature, but his "name" had even more impact on Indian history.
Identify X, whose self-proclaimed descendants are now a part of Indian history.
 Everyone missed the most obvious one. Closing.
X stood for Kai Bahman, the supposed progenitor of Bahmani sultanate.
 Which person caused the Ottoman interregnum, aka the civil war by capturing Bayezid in the battle of Ankara in 1402?
 like the small crystals we have inside bags etc to control moisture,  

some silicate i think
 So, in the song, he compares Niggers to beasts and says they wolf down watermelons which keeps them cool from all their hard labor
 Also also, Browne himself calls Niggers down for X. But then, jokingly refers to watermelons as a black man's X.
 And says that it'll do as good a job of keeping you cool, proceeding which niggers
 Taking inspiration from these lyrics, most things with which you would associate X used to play this tune
 This version seems more likely, Turkey in a straw ki tune pe nigger loves a watermelon hahaha was also based
 Reject from tomorrow's quizA was born in1984 to a filmi family. His uncles B and C are stalwarts in South Indian film Industry. A produced a regional movie in 2006 which went on to win National Award in Regional film category.His regional film and hindi film debuts saw him win Filmfare and Zee Cine awards for best debutant respectively.His uncle B also won nandi award for best debut in 1986. Three years later C won filmfare award for best actor. Identify A, B and C.
 An orange coloured bird features on the flag of Zambia. It belongs to the genus "Haliaeetus", Latin for sea eagle. Derived from Latin for "to yell" what is the name of the species?
 It was founded in 1946 and renamed in 1984 after Curtis, founder of S.C. X & Son, following his family's $20 million endowment gift—at the time, the largest gift to any school in the world.
 When Lokamanya Bal Gangadhar Tilak was in Jail, he wrote XY, which was his translation of X, a Hindu holy book, where one of the things that he added as a footnote was that Hindus actually came from somewhere in the North, basically supporting the Aryan migration theory thing. Name XY.
 Hulya Sahin from turkey is the only person ever to defeat which sportsperson in a world championship final and it was in 2001, who since then has not lost a world championship final?
 In 1603, the ruling dynasty X made Edo its headquarters and since then it has remained the seat of the Japanese government. But Edo only became the casual during the event Y, where the emperor moved the capital from Kyoto to Edo, where it was subsequently renamed Tokyo. Give x and y.
 Which naval rank was created by the Dutch when they wanted someone to shoulder the responsibilities of an Admiral but not pay him as much?
 #borrowedquestion who does this couplet refer to?
Na nar na naari, Indira ka Pujari, Sanjay ki sawari, X.
 So it is here and what has changed? #IPL9

Dhoni is still winning games, Dhoni is still doing the unpredictable (one over from R Ashwin),Mumbai Indians are still making a slow start, Harbhajan is still propping the scoreboard at the end, Rahane is still playing pleasing innings, Rajat Bhatia is still foxing batsmen with pace (or what there is of it!), KP is still batting like a million dollars,



Harsha Bhogle
 Varun will do a T&L if he gets funds. I'll do a HindEnt this week or next, with reg fees that'll be used as prize money.
 Yes. T&L is not confirmed yet. A lot depends on whether the sponsors who we're trying to convince think that the expected crowd is good enough.
 Can anyone tell around which date will the last quiz of this season be held? Also, please be kind enough to tell what quiz is that too 😁
 Fahad and Varun , you two were planning for a quiz after 15th (don't remember the dates exactly) , is it going to be held or not?
 So it is here and what has changed? #IPL9

Dhoni is still winning games, Dhoni is still doing the unpredictable (one over from R Ashwin),Mumbai Indians are still making a slow start, Harbhajan is still propping the scoreboard at the end, Rahane is still playing pleasing innings, Rajat Bhatia is still foxing batsmen with pace (or what there is of it!), KP is still batting like a million dollars,
 People coming tomorrow please be there in time to catch the shuttle which will depart Jahangirpuri Metro Station sharply at 9.30 am. Unlike the quizzes happening in the country, they run strictly on time and even a minute's delay will make you miss it. If you're coming only for the Biz-Tech Quiz (though we hope that's not the case and you're there in the morning itself!), there will be a shuttle at 1.30 pm. See you there in large numbers! #ChakraView2016
 simple kolstylz question cause im too lazy to think,  

only viceroy to be assassinated,, to the best of my knowledge (fact brought back from memory)
 Folks coming to Ashoka for the quiz fest today, we have free shuttles arranged today as well. Take the 9 AM shuttle from Jahangirpuri Metro Station for the MELA quiz and the 1 PM shuttle for the Biz-Tech quiz. The shuttles park between gates 3 and 4 of Jahangirpuri Metro Station and leave on dot, so be on time and seats are limited. Hopefully will see you guys here  The first question to be up by 12.30 ! See you there at  Faculty of Engg.
 I did a fairly heavy on Music and Entertainment quiz yesterday for my QuizSoc.
If peeps are interested in can post the link
 https
Some questions I have asked on the group before. Also you might feel that excessive hints are given at a few places, keeping in mind a very large fresher population in our Soc.
 Skip the written round if you want. Had put it to neutralise a certain heavyweight's advantage
 IIT D peeps were telling me ki Rest of IIT lost in Kapoor vs Rest of IIT
 So here at Jamia, Bishal bhai and Nabeel are winners with Shvabh and aditya emerged as runners up
 Because in Boston due to the subway or any other reason most of the buildings shake twice thrice once a week.
 Sorry to intrude like this
but does anyone here use net banking? If yes, what are the charges for a Public sector bank?
 Just to inform anyone who planned on going to Munjal kal for Ent quiz, the quiz is Intra. For Munjalites only
 Hello! 
Please fill this short (2-4 minutes) survey/form and help a fellow quizzer graduate! :D

http://bit.ly/BrandsAndMemories
Thank you so much ☺

-Satya Mathur
 The New England farmers used to sell chicken in spring which used to sell for more thn the chicken that had survived the winter. A phrase was coined on the basis of the practice when farmers tried to sell winter chicken.
What phrase?
 Don't remember all the names on the list ,but some of them were - 

Charmis 
Charagh Din
Vinod stainless steel
Binaca fluoride 
Sur sangam 

Why these print ads came back in the news recently?
 Now, as most of us chime in after every quiz I will put forth the same to Samir too - Bhai , upload the quiz please 😁
 (Some questions were really good , hence)  those who want it to be uploaded please join in... 😅
 When your quiz club is presided by a moron it does not even matter if you have a quiz club or not -_-
 My university has no quizzer other than ne

Our president has never quizzed

We have a budget of 50,000

Our president doesn't want us to be economically dependent, so he has planned to give all of it back now.

Think of it now?
 He wants us to get sponsor
If no sponsor then collect 40 per team and whatever you collect give 50% as prize
 I had a hard time convincing my teachers that 4 quizzes ke liye 10000 rupye atleast chahiye hi
 If I am conducting India Quiz
Then all the fucking questions should be about only Hinduism or Right Wing


No questions on left wing
 Ohh that I asked 
Kya krogey fund ka

He wants to use it when we need it
Which is after 5 years
 The first quiz I did here 
I made everything - PPT and questions

Then on that day that faggot comes and says you are a freshie, nobody will like that a freshie asks questions and Senior people can't answer
So he told that he will do the quiz


And during a question about Oscar Gift Bags he gave out hint as It happens in France


I am leaving the college.
 Loveless is such a brilliant album. Thanks to this movie for giving MBV a bad name.
 Where exactly was the Treaty of Versailles signed in the palace? Why the choice of venue was ironic for one of the signatories?
 Two of the few reasons for forming the QC at Jamia would be- 
 *to have more funds for prizes atleast
* to set a uniform standard of quizzing across the various dept. Of the University.
 Especially when there are combinations of some dept. Having good prize money but worst quizzes , and quizzes such as the one today not having enough funds for prize.... 

There's a huge disparity guys!
 httpsWould really appreciate it if you could fill this up 
Very small 
Takes less than a minute 
Thanks 
❤
 Since you have the theme it should be easy. or not. idk I have stopped trying to gauge this group
 Of all the brands sold by Dr Pepper Snapple, four have names of places like Canada Dry and Tahititian Treat. Which brand gets its name from an island in Massachusetts, famous for whaling and immortalised by Herman Melville?
 Yeah. In 1871, there was a Treaty of Versailles signed in the exact same venue that resulted in the unification and proclamation of the German empire.
 His great grandfather was enslaved by the French in New Caledonia and displayed as a cannibal in a freak show in Paris.
 X is the 23rd studio album by Y, but only the fourth album by their classic woodstock-era lineup. It marks the first time in 45 years that they have reunited to make an album. Y was formed in San francisco in 1967 and gained popularity after their performance at woodstock in 1969 provided a stark contrast to the other acts on the bill. The original woodstock lineup consisted of Z, Gregg Rolie, Neal Schon, Mike Carabello and Micheal Shrieve. X, Y and Z .
 Which opera are the Quantum people watching in the movie Quantum of Solace, when Bond, James Bond overhears their plan?
 Why bizzare? First half mein unhone itne chance miss liye the agar who convert ho jate to 6-0 har rahe hote
 X is the first Y striker to reach the milestone in the top flight since AB in the 1984-85 season.
 we're safe for now, the premier league and its 4 spots in ucl. 
italy fucked up bad this year
 We're safe for this year and the next. Only a fucked up showing the next year will result in arsenal not qualifying.
 BOOK JUNKIE REQUIRED !!

KITAAB Summer Internship Program 2016 : DELHI

INTERNSHIP DATES: 1st June - 15th June 2016

If you want an experience that will enrich you with know-how in more than one field, have loads of fun and meet great people all at the same time, this is your chance! 

What we want is a book maniac who understands the love for books and wants to spread it like wildfire.

This time Kitaab (NGO) is offering a direct entry via summer internship 

A comprehensive internship which will give you hands on experience in MARKETING, EVENT MANAGEMENT AND SOCIAL WORK! 

Get to work with children right here in Delhi. Also don the role of an artist, writer, event manager and marketer. Build a reading space, teach children, organize a variety of events and be a part of a great learning journey.

PROVE YOURSELF WITH A GROUP OF FELLOW INTERNS ON THIS EXCITING OPPORTUNITY TO EXPLORE A MULTI FACETED EXPERIENCE IN EVERY FIELD AND DO WHAT YOU LOVE.

This is a certified internship! 

To apply, Visit : https://goo.gl/pRgWpV

LAST DATE to APPLY: 20th April, 2016.
 I sometimes wonder if Soumya Sir is a doctor from aiims or a roadside romeo. "Garam nhi hai"  Also winners of today's quiz can collect their certis and cash  tomorrow if they plan on attending
 The governing body for this is headquartered in Switzerland. The first award for coaches in this field was given to Arun Deshpande in 2006 for leading India to victory at the then recently concluded world cup. What is this award named after a mythological character called?
 Mr Patrick Eager, who can be called the Bradman of photography said, "It's a lovely photograph,... it's like a Leonardo da Vinci painting, you've got the sunlight just catching him and then the crowd all of whom who have got a mobile phone or a camera taking photographs. Their adoration is there and it's a wonderful photo, it's really lovely."(modified text). Which photograph?
 According to the Indian Polo Association website, who was responsible for putting up the first set of rules for Polo?
 Louis XIII De Remy Martin is a cognac that sells for astronomical prices because it's aged from 40 to 100 years. Robert Rodriguez and John Malkovich teamed up with Louis XIII to create an aptly titled film. What was special about this film?
 Richard Dawkins, evolutionary biologist and writer. He first came to prominence with his 1976 book The Selfish Gene, which popularised the gene-centred view of evolution and introduced the term X.
 When an inhabitant of the home of the Earl of Darnley visited Australia in 1882 he met a group of girls who gifted him something. One of these girls went on to marry Lord Darnley and the gift he received was taken back to his home and kept there till his death in 1927. What was the gift?
 X and his teammates defected to the French countryside mainly for tax breaks. One of X's teammates on the days of our lives documentary claimed that they were being taxed as much as gas on the royalties on their previous works.  That's why they defected to the French countryside and then to Montreux in Switzerland to record their future works.  While X was standing at the balcony in his hotel, the 18th stage of tour De France of 1978 passed by. This inspired X to create Y. Give X and Y.
 Many companies offer X insurance for golfers. Millions of golfers around the world hold this insurance in case this ever happens with them. Ranging from premiums as low as 3 dollars to 65 dollars and a cover of around 3500 dollars in certain cases. Golfers needed this because of a tradition that is assumed to have originated because of the frequent false claims of X. What is X?
 KoshanWhere is the recently sold Tata Steel plant located, much more famous for being part of a tech problem?
 About what did David Bowie once say, "when I first read it, I thought it was a really really long poem about everything"?
 What is the name of the Shia group that is fighting the civil war in Yemen? They take their name from the Shia cleric, Hussain Badruddin _____.
 The Houthis belong to a sub-school of Shia Islam that takes its name from the great grandson of Imam Ali. The name of this sub-school is same as the surname of a previous member of this group. To which school of Shia Islam do the Houthis belong?
 भाई हम लोगों के भी practicals hote थे पर यह फ़ाइल वाइल का चक्कर नहीं कभी हुआ।
 Damn. In a month from now we won't be seeing people we are habitual of seeing almost every other day. Quizzing Season is almost about to come to a close and so we will be bidding farewell to the quizzers.
 Practical files have been the worst thing for me in Zoology course - 120 diagrams of different organisms x 4 different angles ! 😑😑
 Anyone in the group having physics as a subject ? 

Specifically, spectroscopy as a topic ? 

#HelpNeeded
 Can you guys suggest books or pdf chapter links for explaining spectroscopy (UV , Visible and Fluorescence)
 I'm not really sure if Banwell has fluorescence as a topic, but the other two are really well explained.
 Yeah. The sperms require ~ 2 degree lower temperature than the normal body temperature to mature.
 some of my classmates came to know about this and made this lame joke about "he you know semen has sugar; to kuch meetha ho jaaye"  #3 X Joined Adelaide stockbroking firm HW Hodgetts and Co in 1935 after relocating from Sydney. In 1945, HW Hodgetts company went under debts of more than £120,000 and declared bankruptcy later. But just 48 hours after Hodgetts declared bankruptcy, X was allowed to form a new firm & he named it after him and later he utilized Hodgetts client list to push his own business. People accused X of stealing the goodwill of the company and considered X behind the bankruptcy of HW Hodgetts. This left a stigma attached to X name in the city's business community for many years. Who is this today known him for his great contribution in a different field.. ??
 Who was the first president to deliver the First Pitch of the Major League Baseball season?
 He used to quiz in Chennai all this while.
Now he's back in Kerala, so everyone there is scared. :p
 By clearing all the steps of USMLE you get a license to practice in the US.
 Dude! I have not even bought the buffalo and you are asking that what paneer dishes are you gonna sell. 😂😂
 Which personality and part time musician recently in the news for his part time production features in a song in the film Ula?
 Waldorf astoria, new york was built on the land of X, X was one of the richest americans during the gilded age.
 Which personality and part time musician recently in the news for his part time production features in a song in the film Ula?
 Those who have seen the MEA set from Kutub Session or KQA please leave the last one for the rest
 Okay I will tell you this is an excerpt from the Foreword of Ray's "Our Films, Their Films"
 Meticulous topographical surveys were made, native animals and plants were studied, minerals were collected and classified, local trades and industry were scrutinized. Most famously, ancient Egypt was discovered — the temples and tombs of Luxor, Philae, Dendera, and the Valley of the Kings. Each of these sites was measured, mapped, and drawn, recording in meticulous detail a pharaonic Egypt never before glimpsed by the outside world.
 What discriminatory practice was started by al Muttawakil against the Jews that was famously replicated by the Nazis?
 In the Arabian Nights there is a story where the people of a city are turned into fishes by witchcraft.
 What, reminiscent of a prominent Pakistani, was the name of the sword given by Prophet Muhammad to Abu ibn Ali Talib?
 Which personality and part time musician recently in the news for his part time production features in a song in the film Ula?
 I know namunay, if you are pressing boobs when you see them, you'll surely end up in jail da
 Don't fuck around with Tharoor, namunay. You never know he might give you the Russian poison
 Every Punjabi song everFirst line: "You don't need money man, love is everything....."
Second line: (bass drop) "GADDI MERI LAMBAARGHINI ARMANI DA SOOT"
 So, sale of which product increased by leaps and bound after the movie Rain Man was released ?
 Sir, if you knew me, you'd know, I am attempting a sports question only because I am too happy right now with my result
 The Treaty of Paris concluded the Albigensian crusade that was started by Pope Innocent 3. It was waged against which religious group?
 they can be extinct if induction of a new member requires an existing member, by doctrine
 The gravestone of PB Shelley bears epitaph taken from which work of Shakespeare? Why that particular work?
 You don't go to a fight thinking ki doosre ki plate se khaana kha ke ayenge
 Napoleon ki Continental Blockade strategy fail ho rahi thi so he became desperate and invaded Russia
 ye history kolstylz questions group ke 3 logon main restrict ho jaate hain. koi shady bolly puchlo yaar
 In cooking, x y describes pasta and vegetables, rice or beans that are cooked to be firm to the bite. The etymology is Italian "to the tooth."
 So Sony Six's schedule doesn't have the Golden State vs Memphis game. Does anyone know where else will I be able to watch it?
 How many of you are planning to turn up for the quiz at LSR on the 16th?
 I really laud the concept but Jena, with that rule in effect how many teams are you expecting to turn up?
 It's a great platform by lsr for differently abled students. But putting a rider of having one differently abled guy in a team will actually a bit discouraging
 I'm guessing it will affect the number of people coming for the quiz but nevertheless good initiative by LSR peeps.
 If an outsider is doing a Quiz in lsr. He must be from the Dais 😜😜
 Damn, we were setting the quiz with a lot of new fundaes.
Aajao, yaar koi toh mil hi jaega! 🙈
 I have friends in college who are PD, but I am not going to ask them for this. It feels ridiculously cheap.
 Though,  people with disabilities who wants to  quiz, and don't usually get a chance to do so, due to such high competition in the circuit, this would be a great opportunity for them.
I just hope they get to know about this.
 Haha Shvabh, hope? 
Send an invitation to most equal opportunity cells/societies in colleges. Don't just hope 

I guess most colleges have such a society. At least Venky does so I know
 What Raghav said. Please organize it well if you really want to reach out. Do all this, would be great.
 Also if you do know someone or are friends with people who are differently abled, do try to turn up for the quiz. Think of it as a way of introducing them to quizzing and making the quizzing circuit as a whole, more inclusive
 Absolutely. Draft a sort of whatsapp invitation for the quiz so that I can foreword to my class group and other class
 I feel gourav, though this is completely under lsr jurisdiction but it would be a nice thought if some sort of consolation prize can be given to the teams qualifying but finishing 4,5,6
 fujitsu is the second oldest IT company after IBM in The world. Its name is an acronym of sorts - where fu stands for Fuji, ji for jimensu and tsu for tsushinki meaning telecom equipment. So what was jimensu stand for, which also signifies Fujitsus joint venture?
 Would be nice if Pellegrini could have a last laugh of sorts. The Man City owners were totally devoid of class unlike MP
 Only fans brand it as Last laugh and revenge and stuff 
Team managements don't care. They wanted Pep coz they could buy him and that would glamour-ize City further so did and perhaps they wanted a change in playing style
 So is football. It's unfair. Jupp Heynckes won the CL In 1998 with Real was still sacked coz they couldn't Barca in the league
 People who've never seen a game of basketball let alone Kobe play are giving tribute to him..
 Two conclusions
1. He's such a worthy ambassador of the sport 
2. Screw those plastic peeps
 But saw a lot while having breakfast before leaving for school throughout middle and high school
 I became a fan only through NBA 2003. Watched him playing live nearly 2 years later
 Which Indian designer's dress did Kate Middleton wear leading to a sudden surge in her popularity ?
 I could ask a friend of mine to come 
But as long as she doesn't get to know that you need to be pd
 Also, isn't it a stipulation with questionable morals ? People with physical disabilities are in no way less capable of intellectual pursuits.
 Same Shubhorup. i have friends who fit the bill, it would feel cheap to just ask them to come for a quiz like this
 Even though that is true, they don't seem to be turning up for quizzes regularly nor are any regular quizzers like people on DQC teaming up with them for quizzes
 If they are intellectually equal to non-PWD people, why don't regular quizzers team up with them?
 Gourav, you're premise is one of pity and not understanding. The premise for reasonable classification is intelligible differentia. Teams scarcely differentiate. We have just aligned ourselves according to our interests.
 Roshan, we aim to have a greater participation from differently abled quizzers. Given that it does not and will not take place in status quo without such a stipulation, I don't see a viable alternative for it.
 at this point people are looking for a pd person JUST so. they can form a team and rake in the moolah
 If the quizzers here had in fact been teaming up with differently abled people for quizzes, then inviting them to team up for this quiz wouldn't be so awkward.
 What you're admitting to, is not an offensive in the first place.  Stop making it sound like one.
 People don't choose partners with that criteria in mind, obviously. PD or not is absolutely irrelevant. People teamed with Boris cause he is a very good quizzer, nothing to do with anything else.
 Quizzers  don't team up with differently abled because there aren't that many good differently abled quizzes. Not because we discriminate.
 People team up with other people because they want to. Imagine if that want is changed to a have.
 I would argue that a lack of participation does not necessarily translate into a lack of talent.
 Trust me, Boris is from my college. He has turned me down for quizzes. Because he could find better teammates.
 There may be good folks who don't turn up regularly cause they don't feel easy to break in and begin participating, that's the only possibility
 but I don't agree with the notion that we discriminate on  criteria other than ability etc for the quiz
 Think of this as helping them break in, the same way you team up with juniors who might not necessarily be the best you could team up with. You do it to introduce them to quizzing, generating interest from them and help turn them into regular quizzers.
 I don't think we (quizzers) actively discriminate. But I don't think we encourage participation from them either
 Jena, what if I have a friend who's PC on a wheelchair, will the LSR people ask him/her to stand up so they can confirm the disability?
 if you are forced to team up with a junior, you might resent them for it - freshers quizzers, open only for freshers, on the other hand, do this breaking-in job much better
 Do a quiz that highlights the differently abled. Paralympics is around the door. Do anything else.
 I have a suggestion. Why don't you invite PD people, and tell them that they don't need to look for quizzers to partner, you'll provide them with partners? And then DQC janta can randomly team up with them.
 These events aren't a permanent solution or an end goal. The goal would be to have quizzers regardless of their disabilities/or absence of them participating in all quizzes.
 Guys, we were simply given the job of conducting a Quiz. The rules were set by the authorities at LSR and we honestly can't do much about that. We simply put forward the info because we're all Quizzers here.
 I suggested to aqsa - collaborate with an ngo and get 16 such people. Have a lone written quiz of 20 questions for quizzers and make the top 8 go and sit with two each.
 That way it's way easier to do it. One can talk to the ngo and they can nominate their 16 smartest
 So aqsa said that it's not a QUIZsoc event. Their job was *just* to arrange a qm
 And I have teamed up with Boris many times and won quizzes too. But the PD thing never even came up once.
 Ya soumya u and Boris sat many times - that's the root cause of yours and mishra sirs enmity 👏👏🏼
 Also, I don't know how much of a problem "status quo" really is. Sure, physically disabled quizzers should quiz, and not worry about their disability. However, the proportion of physically disabled people vis-a-vis the general population must be kept in mind when we set a metric for judging their representation in the quizzing circuit
 Since we are on the topic of PD, which bone that lies horizontally is highly prone to fracture?
 Furo Wariboko, born and bred in Lagos suddenly finds he has turned into a white man with white skin and green eyes - this is the premise of a novel titled 'Blackass' - which work has it been inspired by?
 everyone is accepted really,  
i dont think anyone checks to see if peopel have proper names,  quizzing background etc.
 >Also, isn't it a stipulation with questionable morals ? People with physical disabilities are in no way less capable of intellectual pursuits.

But quizzing formats that we have, including factors like pounce times, favour those of sound hearing and vision
 After the Jallianwala Bagh massacre in April 1919, which British was made an honorary Sikh in a ceremony at the Golden Temple, Amritsar for protecting the Temple?
 General Reginald Dyer was not only made an honorary Sikh at Golden Temple but a shrine was dedicated in his honour.
 Following up with a (Bengal connect)  koeschen - 


X used to play guitar in the orchestra of the famous music composer Salil Choudhury , when he said that X will become a very famous music director one day.  Identify this classic music director.
 unanswered by all them gods that were there - cids, qed, vik jo and team, aardvarks, etc
 What kind of vessel gets its name from the fact that it originated as a night lamp hanging in front of a crucifix?
 It had a shallow octagonal cup held up by the upraised arms of a winged figure representing Nike, the goddess. This was on a base of lapiz lazuli and weighed 3.78 kgs. What is being described?
 The medical term for persistent and painful erection of the penis comes from the name of which son of Aphrodite?
 Guys needed suggestions for a phone under 20k.
No Redmis pls.
ObQ
Which organization, celebrating 50 years since inception, has quite ironically the US and UK amongst its members. India was a rather subdued member because of a particular clause, yet became more than proactive post 1986, after the Chinese came into the foray ?
 Which Indian leader is saying this?
"In other words, Islam can never allow a true Muslim to adopt India as his motherland and regard a Hindu as his kith and kin. That is probably the reason why Maulana Mahomed Ali, a great Indian but a true Muslim, preferred to be buried in _________ rather than in India."
 Kevin Friend is one of the most senior officials in English football but was replaced by Neil Swabrick for the match between Tottenham and Stoke at the weekend following outcry on social media. 

Why was he replaced?
 OPX is good if you're more into photography, and less into carelessly dropping your phone. 
For everything else, XPlay is fab.
 surely Kevin Friend isn't the first ref to officiate in a game featuring a rival team
 whats the reason to replace him,  its quite disrespectful of him and his professional ability imho to replace him saying he wont be fair.
 In the Legend of King Arthur, Sir Launcelot, a Knight of the Round Table has a forbidden  affair with Queen Guinevere, wife of King Arthur.

Which forbidden love affair did this inspire in pop culture, supposedly ?
 Though it makes this a sitter, can't think of anything else to isolate it.

In the Legend of King Arthur, Sir Launcelot, a Knight of the Round Table has a forbidden  affair with Queen Guinevere, wife of King Arthur.

Which "intergalactic", forbidden love affair did this inspire in pop culture, supposedly ?
 Now in N doze would work as soon as you turn off the screen but that has screwed over developers
 This is an excerpt from a 20 page opinion written by Judge Gary Klausner of the Central District of California as to why a certain case should go to trial.

“While it is true that a descending chromatic four-chord progression is a common convention that abounds in the music industry, the similarities here transcend this core structure. For example, the descending bass line in both X and Y appears at the beginning of both songs, arguably the most recognizable and important segments. … Additionally, the descending bass line is played at the same pitch, repeated twice, and separated by a short bridge in both songs. Enough similar protectable expression is here that the issue of substantial similarity should [proceed to the jury].”
 Yeah but it is apparently gonna go for a fucking jury trial. Let the damn song be ffs.
 Dear Anandita,

 

 

We at NDTV, are delighted to invite you as part of the interactive audience for our talk show We the People.

 

 

We the People is an audience based interactive panel discussion aired on NDTV 24x7. The show aims to discuss current affairs and issues of social relevance and is moderated by Ms. Barkha Dutt.

The format of the show dictates a panel consisting of 8-9 members who will steer the discussion forward and a studio audience of 50-60 people.

 

 

This week We The People focuses  on the Common Entrance Tests (NEET) for Medical seats and the monitoring of the kind of people getting into Medical Profession.

 

 Following are the details of the show:

 

     ·        Date             :  17th April, Sunday, 2016

     ·        Location     :  NDTV, Archana Shopping Complex, Greater Kailash 1, New Delhi

     ·        Timings      :   11.30 AM – 1.00 PM 
 
 I haven't read the book; but in the recent years I find her journalism to be average at best. Please do notice, that she constantly refers to famous people as "friends" on TV. It's disgusting.
 shandy is pretty good tbf,  
my mum doesnt drink really but she will sometimes have beer mixed with a fuck load of limca. xd
 Shandy is a nice way to start with for non-drinkers. Beer is an acquired taste as it is. Ginger ale plus shandy is the best
 MovieSong: mere sapnon ki raani...
Hero (RK) in car serenading heroine (ST) in train, who is coyly reading a book. In the third stanza, she lifts the book to hide her face - revealing (for about 2 seconds) a famous author, who at least till the 80s had the highest conversion of books to films. Name, please?
 this work was to originally written as a screenplay while keeping the authors friend, Jackie Stewart in mind. 
later released as a novel. 
name comes from a passage in Macbeth
 X (two words) was the name of a weekly tabloid newspaper in  Uganda. According to one founder the name was derived from a local word, which was a metaphor for "something that strikes with lightning speed, and can kill if thrown at someone". The name, understandably, provoked objection from a distant, more famous, quarter. The entity in question lasted barely 6 months in 2010; local legal issues suspended it.
 Greg Knight, Ian Cawsey, Pete Wishart and Kevin Brennan (all British), were rather musically inclined. Give me either their 'daytime profession' or their band name, both representative of each other.
 Q2. How is Silsila different from movies like Shaan, Deewar, Suhaag and a few more in a very particular aspect?
 The flirting with Dr Who and people punch the air in celebration or when proven right
 In 1986, the British Medical Association published a study of the tobacco industry's marketing tactics worldwide. Its 2-word title was a play on an English literary classic, with a slight but significant twist of the second word. Name it.
 Kobe Bryant finished his career with six games of at least 60 points. In 2006, he scored a career-high 81 points , the second most points scored in a single game in league history behind Wilt Chamberlain's 100-point game in 1962. Against which team did he score 81 points?
 Question

The Dragon Emperor who was the first to unite China, and also of the Terracotta army fame, in his lifetime, visited the Zhifu Island thrice, searching for what, something that features in the name of an iconic 1997 work?
 The co-writer said the original idea would be dull and predictable. He then adds, " Somebody had the bright idea(which I think was a mistake) to put an orange light bulb in there. Suddenly what could've been anything became anything supernatural. Didn't push the effect. People would have debated it for years anyway." What is being described here and what was the original idea?
 These were 4 venues at which this race happened in the relay format where team of 4 had to participate in one racing at each venue and the cumulative time.
 This is how they are differentiated in commonwealth countries. 
X- under 12 months of age. Has no permanent incisor teeth in wear.
Hogget - having no more than 2 incisors in wear.
Y -  A female or a castrated male having more than two incisors in wear. give X and Y.
 New Zealand's sports teams are nicknamed in a certain patternWhat then, is the nickname of the basketball team? And the unfortunate former nickname of the baddy team?
 Lol Abhimanyu, next year when we win, I hope Gerrard is present in some capacity xD
 Rodgers wasn't exactly super close. It was more like when Suarez got us super close xD
 I can vouch for the need for proper sleep. Constant sleep deprivation has made my ability to recall things rather poor.
 I slept from
6 am to 8:30 am, that's a good sleep for an aspiring engineer.
 Might just be me, but I noticed while listening to music at night, late late night i.e. I felt the tempo of the music speeding up. Again, might just be me..
 Eg, the Uberman sleep cycle where they achieve REM sleep by sleeping for 30 min every 4 hours
 @christy I've noticed music tempo going down when I do something that fuels adrenaline, like running
 So you see jet lagged people 
They aren't just attached to their previous cycle 
They're fucked, because their set cycle conflicts with that signalled by sunlight
 I'll try that. Not the runner type, but this observation of yours piqued my interest 😂
 company president absent from shareholder meeting for some reason, people see he's not there, panic and sell company shares - company loses 24 billion dollars in less than half an hour
 1. _____ (300 crore)
2. PK(200+ crore)
First introduced in 1998 for the movie Taal by subbash ghai who pioneered this concept?
What and which movie tops the list
 But generally South Indian movies pander to the lowest strata of the society which explains why so many actors become successful politicians down South
 Well if warranty isn't an issue, then sure. But ROMs are available for the M8 as well
 the primary camera is a 4mp camera though, with the ultrapixel shit.
good low light pics but cant enlarge your photos too much, but are you really going to?
 if you want better camera and dont care about too large/plastic etc e9/m9+ are also good ive heard.
 Regardless of how good the M8 looks, the big chunk of bezel between the screen and speaker pisses me off
 Honestly I really don't think any person who unless games on his phone needs more than an sd 801
 Out of the 25 batsmen who have a 100 or more first class centuries, 4 are not English or english qualified .One is Glenn turner. Who are the other three and who is the only one to not play county cricket?
 Question.
In the Divine Comedy, there exist a series of specific punishments that the Hypocrites are subject to. The one that Dante and Virgil find to be contemplation worthy is them being subjected to wear clothes, beautiful on the outside but lined with lead on the inside.
Another punishment is to puncture holes into the eyes of the sinners and lead them to ditches.
How has this found its way into gaana kshetras ?
 Nah...
Maiden doesn't link themselves to the fundae. They just went for it because of the torture device.
 Pretty much.  Will close.
These are the lyrics to Tool's The Pot.
"Eyehole deep in muddy waters, you practically raise the dead."
 Famous designer designed a logo for a company, which was derisively called the death star. Designer and company?
 Bc sidhu
Saale ki commentary men sher cheetah lomdi bandar saanp sab aa jata hai

Cricket nahi aata
 did i say longest yard was sandler one? original article links not to that one, but a 1974 version
 In the first test of the 1964 England tour of India, Budhi Kunderan got 170 runs in a single day. But the match will be remembered for an achievement by X which happened when Brian Bolus and Ken Barrington decided to set up tent. Who is X and what achievement which still holds unbeaten in test cricket?
 Sorry for poor framing
What game, also known as ten fingers, is also the current tagline of an Indian brand? (afaik)
 The word appears in Chaucer's Canterbury Tales. - they were initially peddlers, thus sellers of small items such as needles and buttons. In British English, the term refers to sellers of sewing equipment, and in American English, refers to a men's outfitter. Using a recent work set in post-Civil war America as a clue, tell me the word
 The origin of the term is a subject of debate, but it is known to have been used as early as 1743. A letter sent from Jamaica about a mutiny amongst the troops says "except for those from N. America ye Marines and X behaved splendidly".

A common belief is that the name was chosen by the Duke of Wellington after having been inspired by the bravery of a soldier at the Battle of Boxtel in 1794 during the Flanders Campaign.
 the evidence indicates instead an origin in the fighting in Europe in the First World War, when troops from various British Empire countries who spoke only English came into contact with the French language. The result was weirdly transmogrified expressions, such as napoo from “il n’y en a plus”, or san fairy ann from “ça ne fait rien”.
X is a tortured version of _____, as in ___ _____, white wine. Several humorous or mangled versions of that phrase are recorded in Australia in the decades after the end of the War. Give X
 After City's win this week, Manchester became the fourth city in the UK to have 2 clubs reach the semifinals of the European Cup/Champions League. Name the other three.
 weapon with a long shaft and a pointed metal head->Middle French for "to prick, sting, nettle"->a word for having a pleasantly sharp taste or appetizing flavour. What's the final word?
 ultimately Veda rakha, because one guy thought Anushtup was going to look too dumb on his resume
 Question.
Who blew out the least number of candles on his/her birthday cake before he/she became the Prime Minister of India ?
 So, an old Ebay user by the name of Mastavis put something up for sale, which he called useless Paki product _____ ______. The condition was put at new but with defects. The description was as follows, 
No longer needed. Needs a bit of TLC. Not in working condition. It never worked. It was faulty and corrupted by birth. The whole range is defected and corrupted. Take it away. 
In addition to this, Mastavis even agreed to throw in a brother product of a similar category for free. 
It was listed at 40000 pounds but bids reached upto 66,200.
 The Pakistan's tour to India in 1999 was threatened by Shiv Sena , which first resulted in the test match at Mumbai being completely called off.

Before the start of the Delhi test at the Firoz Shah Kotla , shiv sainiks dug up the pitch but the BCCI was quick to make remedies and decided to go on with the game . However , the party again came up with a new threat,  and taking precautions, the BCCI beefed up the security by unleashing a group of twenty- odd "experts" at various locations inside the Stadium.

The game was thus conducted smoothly and is remembered for the historic performance of an Indian.

What was the threat ?
How did BCCI tackle it ?
By who's performance is this test known today?
 When Harry Redknapp became manager of Portsmouth in 2002, X was his first signing. X was in the academy at club Y when Redknapp was a manager there in the late eighties and early nineties and later went on to manage the club himself. X and Y?
 Yeah. I just want a really good argument which tells me more about the changes I think there was no top down trickle down effect of the so called movement.
 And the paintings, were mostly a royal affair, weren't they ?
Any rural Renaissance painters that we may not know off ?
 Another few theories are that the renaissance didn't even take place as a whole, because if you look at it, many renaissance figures lived many years apart. So it then becomes difficult to put them into a singular time period
 That's a little rich. Let's take the Indian example. The Bengal Renaissance really did occur as a series of catalytic transformations to society.  No Sati, widow remarriage, the likes.
Italy, I don't know if happened. The papacy was severely screwed during the Renaissance.
 The main reason the renaissance was termed so was because it emerged after the dark ages
 The same is true for the scientific revolution. Its critics say that you just can't gather the achievements of a few revolutionary minds like Copernicus, Brahe, Newton and Galileo and call it a revolution. It's what they did individually that mattered and not so much the society
 Also, there is a direct correlative between the Islamic Golden Age and the Renaissance. Like Copernicus' geocentric proofs being mirrored by Islamic texts of the past. So, it isn't exactly innovation.
 Islam has a fascinating political complexity that other faiths are bereft of. Which is why their texts on law and governance pre date those of the Christian world by centuries.
 Which sportsperson is referred to as highlighter pen by many commentators and some say one of the reasons behind his most famous nickname is simply the fact that he graduated from a college?
 Q. Which famous sportsperson was named so coz it was during that time electricty came to his birth town for the first time?
 When Harry Redknapp became manager of Portsmouth in 2002, X was his first signing. X was in the academy at club Y when Redknapp was a manager there in the late eighties and early nineties and later went on to manage the club himself. X and Y?
 That Emma Watson I want you to study pic is the most motivational pic I've ever seen
 Which town in China is called the Town of Underwear for being  a large cluster for manufacturing lingerie ?
 Does anyone have Jyotesh ka set which he did a couple of years back? The one with poems on historical personalities and all
 If Liberia the country and Monrovia the capital is to the British, what is to the French?
 What Beatle-like discovery was made in the Awash valley of the Afar region of Ethiopia in 1974? it connects to human evolution, and a few diamonds here and there.
 I've seen this question SO many times now. Remember feeling proud getting this unique in a 2013 fundaesliga session
 Kapoor the sound of the sirens could tempt a man to death so Circe advised Ulysses to tie himself to the mast to avoid getting tempted by the sirens
 But yes I'd love to go and just see the level and type of quizzing in Blore
 SpEnt is not QED's strong point anyway. It was ours, but Gokul and team are gawds also so.. no shame
 The U.S. Express was a WWF tag team composed of Mike Rotunda and Barry Windham. They debuted in 1984 and were given X by Bruce Springsteen as their entrance music. Later a new song Y was written for them, but Windham left the company and the song was passed onto Z. X, Y and Z?
 Which wrestler was named after one of the most prominent black leaders of the nineteenth century?
 I don't really have another clue, so I'll close.
Y is Anna Scott, from Notting Hill featuring Hugh Grant and Julia Roberts.
 Just a suggestion. Instead of only asking paintings and painters, probably ask for some workable funda as well. Would love to attempt art questions, but most of the times I realize that the questions are too obscure and don't try at all.
 Like this page called Berfois on Facebook. And see them all. I shouldn't take the credit. These were mostly the paintings that I admired
 Lescott is crazy.
Similar stuff last time and he says his phone was in his pocket while driving and a fully worded tweet went out by mistake.😂
 So that when they are found, they can (pay for it and) be given a proper funeral. #jeopardystylz
 This item is donned by a particular set of people, so in case they die (accidents are hardly uncommon in their line of work) and their dead bodies found, the person who finds it would give them a proper funeral - and finance this funeral with this particular item (donned by them), if necessary. #jeopardystylz
 Christopher Nolan's upcoming world war epic, Dunkirk is set to release in 2017. It will become the third movie to be shot and screened in 70mm in this decade. Name the other two.
 James Edward Burrows (born December 30, 1940), sometimes known as Jim Burrows,[1] is an American television director who has been working in television since the 1970s.[2] Burrows has directed over 50 television pilots and co-created the long-running television series Cheers. (wiki copy paste) - How did an event that was meant to be a tribute to him end up exciting fans all over (that ended in disappointment)?
 the so called friends reunion was just them getting together (along with others) to pay tribute to this guy
 Since some of you were asking about webcast of crucible - 
In case you can't join us at the venue you can watch the LIVE webcast right here - 
Facebook URL:
https://www.facebook.com/TataCrucible/app/1712458785638740/
Desktop URL:
http://live-24framesdigital.netdna-ssl.com/tatacrucible/webcast/170416/
 @nikhil - saw the folder. genesis is all 1st year guys making questions. so dont expect it to be too good  Ireland has three primary airports. Dublin, Cork and X. X is the western most airport of Europe and was designated as Ireland's transatlantic airport at its inception. Identify the airport whose logo is a windy S.
 Since some of you were asking about webcast of crucible - 
In case you can't join us at the venue you can watch the LIVE webcast right here - 
Facebook URL:
https://www.facebook.com/TataCrucible/app/1712458785638740/
Desktop URL:
http://live-24framesdigital.netdna-ssl.com/tatacrucible/webcast/170416/
 Abhimanyu should utilize the tea break by arranging for the Parking Sticker for his new car.
 An excerpt from a Christian Fuchs interview.

"So many people were talking at the beginning of the season, saying: ‘It’s only a matter of time before they break down’. You know what we did? Like ________ & __________, we just stayed safe in our little cottage, we tried to fight all these guys out there, we never listened to all those people talking, only focused on our strengths. Claudio has played a big part in that because he is always drilling us: ‘Next game, next game, next game’ and that’s worked fine so far."
 They may become a top half of table mainstay, getting Europa football for a while and if they develop well. But I think as title challengers, yeah.
 Because they will find it hard to hold on to these players and they won't be able to buy quality replacements.
 And probably won't be able to assemble another squad with this level of previously unnoticed talent!
 But Ranieri's grounding effect might ensure that Mahrez stays behind. I mean, if he's just a one season wonder and flops wherever he goes next year, he'll become like Steve Sidwell.
 If we sell Giroud and Theo and get Ibra + another WC striker, I'll be cool with it.
 The Hampshire and North Wilts Banking Company was formed in 1877. It was later acquired by Lloyds Bank and it was not until 1934 that the banks truly merged. Who was the most famous client of this bank?
 How many models of Maruti Suzuki are in the Top 10 car sales by volume for the year 2015-2016 ?
 How do you get this stuff in Boston when we can't find it in Delhi? 🙌🏾🙌🏾
 thanks you guys. 
me and Sreshth cant stress enough that none of it would've happened without your kind suport and wishes. 

DQC FTW!
 you guys are truly all champions. 
i can ask for no better company than the people on this group 🙂
 Marital rape if made an offence would be abuses just like dowry laws are a used to settle scores.
 As why would she bring out such an intimate topic to court if she was not the victim.
 Also it has happened many times that the woman was having extra marital affair and the husband learned about it.
 Gone girl toh extreme case hai 
Even I would believe her story if I was a juror and she had that kind of injurirs
 Can anyone tell me who were the international finalists other than the two Indian teams and the Yale NUS?
 Ashhad I don't think that's how criminal laws should be ratified 
There's no problem with making marital rape an offense but it would be impossible to obtain a conviction if you go by the accepted rules of evidence
 Yeh wakil help bhi nhi karrnge aapki ...aapke liye toh subramanium swamy aayrga case plead karne na..?
 But to apply for med school you need a bio minor and chem credits i think
 These are np hard problems so your client can do the brute force task and if it finds a solution, sends it to the server which can easily verify it
 Typewriter aur chhata bhi.. bs ek chai pilane wala chaiye ...btao sir join karenge bussiness ..?
 @jayant you dont find new ones now..but you can get a old one from chadni chowk
 Ankush and soumya walking down the street 
One with a typewriter around his neck, the other a stethoscope 
Trying to convince street kids to become accident victims
 अरे अंकुश जैसे वक़ील के साथ घूमने पर मुझे भी जुर्माना भरना पड़ेगा कि सड़े गले चिरकूट वकीलों को बाहर लेकर ना आया करें।
 Sir mai toh ghumoounga aapke saath...logo ko bhi lagna chaiye naa ki bade bade chor log mere client hai
 In the movie Kung Fu Panda, how many pandas do we see in the whole movie?
 Did anyone tell you bose that you have a striking resemblance to thin Akash Ambani ?
 @ACS A better question would be "has anyone not told you that you have a striking resemblance to thin Ambani Jr"
 Feminist till you get married, communist till you get rich, atheist till the airplane starts falling
 So it claims to be a photo from an old magazine butnis actually a new one
 April 23, 2016 marks the 500th anniversary of Reinheitsgebot, a food quality law that was passed by Duke William IX in 1516. The law limited something to three components but later a fourth was added and it has remained thus. What is the law about?
 Theme
Craig Young: 10
Ish Sodhi: 10
Krishmar Santokie: 12
_____: 16

Which cricketer should be filling up the blank portion and what is this list all about?
 Closer to answer but should have got my hint of otrt when you said most number of dot balls
 This is the record for the most number of matches played without scoring a single run.
 What distinction does the Tim Ho Wan, an entity based in Hong Kong, hold on a certain list whose first version came out 116 years ago?
 Don't know why everyone went so high funda
It is the cheapest place to have Michellin stars
 Look this is not my question (obviously). But the person I borrowed it from does not make these kind of errors, especially in cricket questions
 Sci question- 

Sometimes a good idea comes to you when you are not looking for it. Through an improbable combination of coincidences , naiveté and lucky mistakes , such a revelation came to me one Friday night in April 1983 , as I gripped the steering wheel of my car and snaked along a moonlit mountain road into northern California's redwood country. That was how I stumbled upon a process, a process now known as Y. 


This is X telling about a famous process that's a revolution in itself. 

X and Y ?
 I would rather say he took too many words to explain what some Indians would refer to as दिव्य दृष्टि 😜
 Which England based soft drink is one of the most popular choices in the Persian Gulf for iftar selling over 20 millions bottles/cans per year? #ExtremeKolStylz
 And Campa Cola isn't a south Indian brand afaik. Idk if the biz gods say otherwise
 Which desi drink was originally branded as Whisky NO, to attract alcoholics in the dry state of Gujarat during the days of Swadeshi movement?
 @kartik - I knew it was asked in the quiz just couldn't remember where (also forgot the name  Q. What two word name is given to a cocktail of Vodka and Kahlua which might seem very contradictory in its essence and how does adding cream/milk alleviate this contradiction? #Easy
 A slightly different drink (from X) is claimed to have been invented in the 1920s during Prohibition in the United States, by an "Old Man Bishop" in a local community named Y in Kingsport, Tennessee. The drink was then perfected by Ransom Bishop, Old Man Bishop's son. This drink included whiskey and maple syrup, and varied quantities of the five liquors used today to make X.
 What cocktail shares its name with an iconic weapon from the 1890s/1900s and said to have the same hit as the weapon?
 Agrippa (A Book of the Dead), a poem byWilliam Gibson
The Ancient of Days, a design by William Blake
Anglo-Saxon Rune alphabet
Johann Sebastian Bach
Cuneiform
Ecclesiastes
M. C. Escher
Francisco Goya
Gödel, Escher, Bach, a book by Douglas Hofstadter
KōansLiber AL vel Legis by Aleister Crowley
The Lady of Shalott, a painting by John William Waterhouse
The Mabinogion, a series of pre-Christian Welsh manuscripts
Mayan Numerology
The Marriage of Heaven and Hell, a book byWilliam Blake
Nebuchadnezzar, a design by William Blake
Newton, a design by William Blake
Self-Reliance by Ralph Waldo Emerson
Song of Liberty, a poem by William Blake
Antifragile: Things That Gain from Disorder by Nassim Nicholas Taleb

Philosophical references:

Collective consciousness and collective intelligence
Ego death
Esotericism
Gematria
Global brain
Jesuit Philosophy
Carl Jung
Kabbalah and Hermetic Qabalah
Søren Kierkegaard
Friedrich Nietzsche
Grigori Rasputin
Jean-Paul Sartre
Robert Anton Wilson
Zen Buddhism

Cryptographic, mathematical, and technological references:

Atbash cipher
Book ciphers
Caesar cipher
Diffie–Hellman key exchange
Factorization
General number field sieve
Kurt Gödel and his incompleteness theorems
GNU Privacy Guard (GnuPG or GPG)
Francis Heylighen
GNU/Linux
Magic squares
Number theory
Prime numbers
Pretty Good PrivacyRSA Encryption Algorithm
Self-reference
Shamir's Secret Sharing Scheme
Steganography in digital images, text, and network protocols
Strange loops
The Onion Router (Tor)Transposition ciphers
Vigenère Cipher
 #KapoorBanned

X began his career as a journalist and was an on the spot reporter during the Russian Revolution of 1905.
He teamed up with Arthur Bernede in 1905 to write novels that could be converted into commercial films. This probably accounts for the fact that Y was not a great success during X's lifetime. It was considered as pulp fiction and drew upon Hunchback of Notre Dame as its template.
ID X and Y.
 ⦁	In late 1920s, X was being marketed by maker X Incorporated and distributor Lehn & Fink, Inc as a feminine hygiene product. They pronounced that vaginal douching with a diluted X solution prevented infections and vaginal odour and thereby preserved youth and marital bliss. The same solution was also used as birth control agent, as post-coital douching was a popular method of preventing pregnancy at that time. 

⦁	The use of X was later discouraged  by the medical community as it tended to eliminate the bacteria normal to healthy vagina, thus allowing more robust health threatening bacteria to thrive. 

⦁	X is now used for a different purpose altogether.

⦁	ID X.
 It is the Latin name for a historic kingdom-state that existed between the 13th century and 1947, and ruled for centuries by the House of Hohenzollern. It was adopted (by its most famous users) from the name of a local brewery (now known as the Hansa Brewery and part of the DAB group) in 1909.   
What name?
 The Amul topical ad campaign began in the second half of the 1960s and focuses on current events to convey a message and in the process also promote the product.  
The first such campaign had the famous tagline ‘Hurry Amul, Hurry Hurry’.  
What was this campaign based on?
 Which iconic place in bombay gets it name from the fact that it is behind Crawford Market? The place is a distortion of what the Britishers used to call this place.
 Aldous Huxley’s Brave New World is based on X’s principles of industrialism. As a result, the book features graveyard crosses in a very unique shape.   


What shape? Why?
 @Apratim-
I had posted the Dyer - Mohan Meakins question here a couple of days ago when we were discussing Dyer.
So I was told. It's a DQC staple now.
The Bhendi Bazaar question is a BQC staple.
 It traces its roots to 1775 during the Second Continental Congress, where Benjamin Franklin was appointed its first head.   
It transformed into its current form in 1971 and is the operator of the largest civilian vehicle fleet in the world with over 2,00,000 vehicles.   
What agency?
 By 2000 the overall murder rate in united states had dropped to its lowest level in 35 yrs.In new york city alone it got dropped from 2262 in 1990 to 550 in 2005. ,Contradicting the postulates firmulated by philosophers and economists who predicted the opposite. Later the large credit for this decrease went to a lady named norma mccorvey. What activity of hers in 1970s triggered this decrease?
 We all have heard abt the ac dc war between tesla and edison . Financially speaking it was rather a war between two tycoons who sponsored them . There were many incidents in which one tried to outweigh other by throwing public demos against each other. Name them?
 Which bespectacled rapper, most famous for his hit album Regulate, shares his name with a not so well know us president of the early twentieth century?
 When Tesla wanted to build that huge tower, he got in touch with JPM and he said okay and then backed out later
 Recently one of the most richest and powerful person in brazil made waves in the media when he announced plans to bury his million dollar bentley. Initially welcomed many criticisms from the public for wasting money which he could have used in charity,but knowing the motive behind his idea people appreciated him,eventhough he didnt execute the plan,
What message he wnated to convey via this act?
 After the landing at Normandy,apart from capturing lands food was also a concern for the US Army soldiers. They needed a nutritious food that could provide them with plenty of energy. The substance that could give the soldiers a food that met all these three required characteristics was ______,particulary X ________. 

The X Company was proposed in 1937 to create a special ________ destined for emergency rations for the American soldiers.

The US government had four requirements concerning the ________: the it had to weight 113 g, had to have a high energy value, had to withstand high temperatures and had to taste a little better than a boiled potato.

X and FITB.
 Okay which president also served as president of Princeton college from 1902-1910? May remind you of tennis.
 Many British soldiers were dropped behind enemy lines and as a result, were caught and held prisoners during the course of the Second World War. After a bargain at Geneva convention Germany  allowed humanitarian groups like Red Cross to give care packages to these prisoners . And one category in this packages was games and pastimes.”

The Allies took advantage of this inclusion to craft a device that would aid prisoners from escaping their tormentors.Faking under a charity organization  they had sent off packages which was included with the “games and past times” category. These packages included hidden escape kits in the form a game – provisions that had escape tools like compasses, metal files, money and maps.

Name this game?
 Leslie Hylton was hanged for the murder oh his wife in 1955. And he owns a dubious distinction.what?
 Okay. What dream of Woodrow Wilson was achieved by him in a way in 1918-19, but was not fully realized till Harry Truman did something during his tenure that made Wilson's goal a reality. So name the manifestation of Wilson's dream.
 Desperate times call for desperate measures and sometimes to have to take matters into your own hands but Chile defender Bryan Carrasco went too far against Ecuador when he did something unusual to gift his foe a yellow card
So in time honored fashion, what happened?
 "Perhaps on his return, ______ __________ summoned his advisers and formed a crack team of special operatives, whose sole mission was to ensure that the game played at such glacial pace would never threaten the national image of dynamism and progress. Perhaps this secret agency is still active, ensuring that the American citizens are protected from the prolonged plight that their 34th President had been subjected to on that fateful December day." A blog post taking a dig at the fact that  is not famous in the USA inspite of what historic 'first' in 1959?
 What follows this statement?

 Nietzsche believed that morality is just a fiction used by the herd of inferior human beings to hold back the few superior men
 so, he adds 
 
 Nietzsche believed that morality is just a fiction used by the herd of inferior human beings to hold back the few superior men, it is worth noting that he died of syphillis 😂😂😂
 Connect
Wernher Von Braun, with traces of Herman Kahn, John von Neumann, Edward Teller, Henry Kissinger
 X was universally acclaimed by critics. Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert gave the film "Two Thumbs Up" on their show and both Siskel and Ebert named X the best film of 1994.Ebert in his initial television review proclaimed "This is one of the best films about American life that I have ever seen", and later called it the best film of the decade and "one of the great moviegoing experiences of my lifetime."When the film X, along with the equally acclaimed Crumb, was not nominated in the Best Documentary category of the Academy Awards, public outcry led to a revised nomination process in the category, led by Barbara Kopple. According to an angry Roger Ebert, reliable sources said members of the Academy's documentary nomination committee had a system in which one would wave a flashlight on screen when they gave up on the film. When a majority of the lights flashed, the film was turned off . X didn’t even make it to 20 minutes.The film was originally intended by filmmakers Peter Gilbert, Steve James, and Frederick Marx to be a 30-minute short, shot in three weeks, to be aired on PBS, focusing on one playground court and its young players. The filmmakers followed the children back to their homes, and after nearly eight years, and with over 250 hours of raw footage, a 30-minute PBS special turned into a three-hour feature film on the lives of Gates and Agee, while grossing $7.8 million
 A student at the university of Illinois conducted a study about certain events starting from 1950s. He gathered a set of 92 out of the recorded 94 ( leaving out one each from 1957 and 2005), conducted a survey to know how feminine or masculine the general public thought each of them were and put them through standardisations methods. He came to a conclusion which he attributed to the fact that the units of this set which were voted more feminine were taken to be much less dangerous than the masculine sounding counterparts. What was the study all about?
 Follow up on StrangeloveSellers was supposed to play another role but couldn't eventually. Which role and why?
 This is one of those fundae that you learn in school and they stay with you forever.  Hey guys have you noticed an inordinate amount of pornos being posted in random groups by random people?
 In 2014, during his "After The Oscar's Special" on Jimmy Kimmel Live!, Jimmy Kimmel enlisted the help of many big name celebrities to showcase some of YouTube's greatest videos. X was the first video to be showcased and was parodied in a video entitled "Bitman Begins" and featured Tom Hanks, Meryl Streep, and brothers Chris & Liam Hemsworth. Chris played the role of Harry, while Liam played the role of Y. The video was a mock trailer for a film featuring the actors. The climactic scene takes place on the roof of a building where Harry wants revenge on Y for Z. "Harry" screams the line "X" They fall off the roof onto the street below. "Harry" then utters the famous line from the video while "Y" just laughs.Give X or Y and Z.
 While Spike Lee was working on X in '88, he approached them to do a song for the soundtrack, something that could become an anthem. The resulting song is one the their best known songs featuring a video directed by Spike Lee himself. According to their producer, the message of the song is, "Law enforcement is necessary. As a species we haven’t evolved past needing that. ______ ____ is not about fighting authority—it’s not that at all. It’s about fighting abuse of power.
 The closest Bible verse which is linking to this phrase is " The night is far spent ,the day is at hand What's the phrase and X??
 X is Amnesty and the exact wordings are Its better to light a candle than to curse the darkness
 There are only two countries in the world with the article "The" in front of the country name. Which are they?
 Hey!

I'm hosting a BEnt Quiz tomorrow at Vivekananda Institute of Professional Studies (VIPS). The quiz starts at 15:30.

I promise it'll be a decent quiz :P

https://www.facebook.com/events/255904574747386/
 PayPal entrepreneur and venture capitalist Peter Thiel
starts his book Zero To One with a reference to the
X Y principle by showing a corollary in
business: "All happy companies are different, all
unhappy companies are alike (in that they failed to
escape "sameness" or competition). This line was
excerpted in his article in The Wall Street Journal as
"Competition Is For Losers". 

ID XY
 Which former AC Milan footballer is currently deputy PM of his country? Name the country too.
 Project Slingshot was named the runner up for "Coolest Invention of 2013" by TIME. Who was behind it?
 This guy studied law in University of Michigin but left it to join his brother's company. That company is today, one of world's biggest medical equipment, pharmaceutical company.
 Some aunty I know, her daughter works at J&J's New Jersey office, so my grandma and aunty keep discussing how great work life in America is and blah blah blah blah
 This company was started as coupon and discounting firm but after its founders visited China, they witnessed something and changed the whole idea of their company. Which company is it and what exactly they saw in China?
 X was named the world's 50th most powerful person by Forbes in 2013. He is known for co-founding "Partners in health." But also holds a very prestigious post in Y. Id X and Y.
 When Tommy Chong was asked about his endorsement of Bernie Sanders, he said,
“I love everything about Bernie. But really I just want to revive X’s career.”
Whose career and why?
 Is it necessary to have a simcard for activating iPhone. Can't you use iPhone without sim card ?
 Would suggest infibeam if you're buying online. They're the only official iPhone online retailer in India.
 Though phone companies advise against using adapters. 
They might at times not be levelled, that hampers the pins and may damage them.
 Motorola for example, discontinues your warranty if the sim you're using is with an adaptor, or is a cut sim.
 My iPhone speaker gave way within 3 months of purchase. They gave me a new iPhone
 Will you people come for a quizfest in MSI in september/october this year? Done by shubhankar, nikhil and I. Ps Yaar Yeh toh pta nhi kal kya hoga aur tu Sept/Oct ki baat kar rha hai  Yaar badi mushkil se setting ban rahi hain MSI mein, just wanted to make sure people haven't given up on us due to the MSIT Thingamajig
 We know our college won't give out cash, so it's better to give something that they'll agree to give ojt
 ACS, just go to your operator's store. They'll give you a smart sim that fits in all sizes of slots and activates immediately with the same number Im just wondering why would you use the phone without a Sim card at all? Just curious
 I'm using it and actually finding it useful than my iPad because it fits into jeans pockets and multi window actually works nice
 X played for Manchester United between 1972 and 1975. He later made a name for himself in Leeds, which led to his solitary England callup in 1985. His son also played for England, making his debut in 2001. X or his son?
 I still remember the theatre going mad when she made her entry as Wonder Woman in BvS tho
 fuck it, i am mailing their dosa and director, taking a leaf out of pratyush's bool
 "In my career so far it's the most important goal. [Blanked out line] You're not sure if that's ever going to happen in your career again. I wish I could tell you how I did it but I can't. I thought for all the world that Mario was going to have a go himself but he just moved it on one more and it fell at my feet and I just thoughtID the speaker and the goal.
 that would be the 6-1 for me. 
Aguero scorinh and Sunderland chanting would come a close second
 We are organizing a Business Quiz on 23rd April at Indo Islamic CUlture Centre, Lodhi Road
 9.30 am to 12.30 noon
I Invite you to come and participate
2 members per team
Cash prize of 15k for winners
10k for runner up
 and certificates for participants
 Faiz why dont you put up the link to form here itself? 
that way anyone can register
 X company founded in 1926 
and had a distinction of being sole broker to Nizam of Hyderabad and was first broker in govt. Securities appointed by RBI
 Those of who've won prizes at Elevation, Ramjas Quiz Fest, your cheques are ready. Inbox me for details about collecting it.
 Bro there are 4 famous ones. Go to any stationery shop in the sec18 market and say "bhaiya woh project ka dukaan kidhar hai?"
 Vo group pe hai post hi krdega, just hope, he's not high anymore.
He was high since morning, he did three quizzes today.
Biz/production
Tech
Bent(basically entertainment, one business question in the whole quiz.)
 Guys. I wanna host a farewell quiz. Zyada prize nahi. 2/1 types. Two member. Dekh lo koi jagah de toh.
 "I missed saying bhenchod to people who understood it. It does not mean 'sister fucker'. That is too literal, too crude. It is, rather, punctuation, or emphasis, as innocuous a word as 'shit' or 'damn'. The different countries of India can be identified by the way each pronounces this word - from the Punjabi bhaenchod to the thin Bambaiyya pinchud to the Gujarati bhenchow to the Bhopali elaboration bhen-ka-lowda. Parsis use it all the time, grandmothers, five-year-olds, casually and without any discernible purpose except as fillerIn my first New York winter, wearing a foam jacket my parents had bought in Bombay which actually dispersed my body heat out to the atmosphere instead of preserving it, and sucking in the freezing winds during my mile-long walk to school and drawing them to my body, I found I could generate warmth by screaming out this word. Walking into the wind and the snowdrifts, my head down, I would roar, 'Bhenchod! Bheyyyyyn-chod!' The walk to school led through quiet Queens residential streets, and the good Irish, Italian, and Polish senior citizens who happened to be home in the daytime much have heard this word on very cold days, screamed out loudly by a small brown boy dressed inappropriately for the weather."
 They stall all the incoming flights so that it doesn't disturb the students taking the entrance exam.
 One Pro wrestling Q.
There was a storyline in wcw in 2000 where David Arquette became the WCW Heavyweight Champion,which has been cited as pivotal to the demise of WCW. All the amount Arquette earned during the storyline was given to the families of 3 other wrestlers.
 I was told that a ob. Question has to be posted 
So posting here what I had posted earlier in my clg grp
 Wow, SRCC gave me my cash prize. Is this rare or only some quizzers get their money rarely?
 #kolstylz

The numbers of a roulette wheel add up to how much, which may cause disdain among a particular group of people?
 #kolstylz 

Which single 'organisation' maintains the largest number of bridges in the world? A problem in a single one will cause something well known for its length to get disrupted.
 these maps,  made for an entirely different purpose were used by the allies because they were so up to date and accurate. 
who made these maps. 

refrain for a while if you've seen this question.
 Since everyone's having their tech queries solved. Pliss to help me too.  I downloaded Matlab 2016 via kat.cr and seem to have bought in a host of malware (being lazy to renew anti virus will kill me). There's this "indiatimes.xy" program, which is the only one left  and it keeps spamming continuously. A pop up every time I click. I've been trying to uninstall it but nothing happens. Pliss to help.😰
 maps im quote because,  maps were made for an entirely different purpose than invading,  or even to be used as maps per se
 "The French Territory of Issas and Assas" refused to join Somalia when the latter got its independence and remained a French territory. Years later, the citizens voted and it rescinded and became an independent nation. Which African nation is this?
 I tried the Spyware trial. Apparently you can detect. You need the buy the full version to do anything about.
 More for Raghav

Hong Kong, Penang, Shanghai and the Philippines. 

All share a common nickname. Name pl0x
 Can't even open Google without being spammed about Rakhi Sawant, hot star and you just won an iPhone!
 Then open task manager and just close all the processes which you don't think are vital
 Um. That won't help a lot. You need to clean your registry first and do a full scan else the processes will start again.
 Which Canadian post rock band get their name from a  1976 Japanese black-and-white 16 mm documentary film, 90 minutes long, by director Mitsuo Yanagimachi, which follows the exploits of young Japanese motorcyclists, the "_____ ________"?
 Only Canadian bands I know are BNL and Nickel back.. Both don't fit also nickel back funda is different
 name of the band is one of the first 4-5 post rock bands you would think of
 very specific connect. 

Bahadur Shah Zafar and Nathuram Godse. 
in-exhaustive

some 10ish events that happened in 1945-1946 are known as _____ _____ ________.
Blank being the funda.
 Q. Around 4-5 decades ago in Germany. Certain U-Bahn/S-Bahns trains crossed some main stations but did not stop at them. They were often dimly lit and gave an eerie feeling. The travellers on these U-Bahns named these as Geisterbahnhofs.
What is a Geisterbahnhof/what were these stations.
 I know for a fact that these stations fell into disuse because of the partition of Berlin
 The term ________ _____(X) may have originated in 1995 by a New York staffing recruiter, Jason Denmark, who was supporting clients in the newly dubbed technical hub in downtown Manhattan; in an effort to attract candidates who, at that time, were focusing on positions in ________ ______(Y)
 It was originally centered in the Flatiron District, in the vicinity of the Flatiron Building, located on Fifth Avenue near Broadway and 23rd Street, straddling Midtown and Lower Manhattan .

X and Y are very similar,  the words that is,

Y you have heard of.
I need X only
 The Economist recently revealed certain stats comparing Indian states and countries. Some examples are
Punjab - Australia 

Chandigarh - Timor Leste 

UP - Russia 

Karnataka - Phillipines 

Andhra Pradesh (B.T) - Bangladesh 

Maharashtra - Mexico

What was the comparison all about, which can be linked to a "greatest ever" activity conducted in  2014?
 Its the number of votes cast in the 2014 Gen Elections in a state next to a country with the nearest total vote count.
 Honda had this advert where they do some random shit and a long chain reaction plays music from wipers. Most difficult advert ever, it's said.
 Fahad gets all the points, 

The honda Cog advert, which featured a massive fucking Rube Goldberg Machine(the image is an example)
 These were the stations in the Eastern Part of Berlin so trains from West Berlin crossed them coz these were on essential track stretch but didn't stop at them for obvious reasons
 Which movie, according to Mick Jagger, is the only Scorsese film not to feature Gimme Shelter?
 The Battle of Cuddalore was a naval battle between a British fleet under Admiral Sir Edward Hughes with Admiral L.J. Weiland, and a smaller French fleet under the Bailli de Suffren off the coast of India. This war sparked an additional war, the Second Mysore War in India.  the battle took place near Cuddalore on 20th of June 1783, Suffren commanded the engagement from the frigate Cléopâtre and won what is generally considered a victory.
(direkt from wiki)

what you need to do is gimme significance, being vague to not give away hints,
 The Cuddalore battle was the last battle to be fought due to the events of the revolution
 After the British won the second Mysore war, admiral Edward Hughes was rewarded by getting his portrait painted by a very famous painter of the day
 Mad king George 3 lost his wits, his friends, but what was the biggest thing he lost during his reign as monarch for more than forty years?
 Ravtej generally if you say William of orange the main guy is the founder of Netherlands state
 What did sir John Harrington do for queen Lizzie the first that made her calm her shitty temper, something that has been credited to the Indus valley civilisation?
 The word 'Croatoan' carved onto a tree discovered by a Mr. White is the only clue to solve what age old mystery?
 Okay Non-Quizzing related Q. 

Should someone who has no knowledge about physics/science in general read The Theory of Everything by Hawking?
 It's a lesser known fact that Raleigh was actually executed in lieu of a conspiracy he was accused of against James I
 THIS is how the book,  or this version,  is sold. 
if im not guilty of believing shit i see on the internet
 According to fan theories which were later confirmed by J.K. Rowling, why does Snape first lower his wand and has despair on his face when Professor McGonnagal came in front of Harry in the seventh book? 

(scene where Harry confronts Snape about killing Dumbledore)
 Which company has been making shoes for the  US President since the President Millard Fillmore in 1850 ?
 nationals tak toh prep ka reason hi nai bachta. 
it's all gen shit or tcq shit.
 Gumwrappers and Goggles is a children's book by Winifred Barnum, published in 1983. In the story, TJ Love, a small jet, is taken to court by two larger jets to keep him from their hangar and to stop him from flying. In court, TJ Love’s right to fly is upheld after an impassioned plea from a character referred to as "The Lawyer." What is so special about this book?
 Neither
It's a childish adaptation of something rather serious, and "The Lawyer" here founded something very famous. Also, TJ Love wore copper gold, orange and red colours
 And it also became a musical called "Show Your Spirit" and performed only in cities where "TJ Love" flew
 TJ Love wore Southwest livery while the two planes had Braniff and Continental colours. Also, the musical was performed only in cities served by Southwest.
 the original jungle book cartoon we all saw as children was a Japanese anime ffs! 
and it was pretty fucking good in hindi 
so translation isn't a problem if you put up enough effort
 #classic
The temple, dedicated to Lord Shiva, took more than 25 years to build. A fine example of Dravidian culture and heritage, it is much smaller and less famous compared to the Brihadisvara temple at Tanjavur and Gangaikondacholapuram. The gopuram of this temple is 85 feet high. You are bound to be mesmerised by the first sight of this temple's exquisite architecture, sculptures and paintings. The entire temple is said to been built with Nithya-Vinoda (perpetual entertainment) in mind.

The south side of the front mandapam(Muha mandapam) is in the form of large chariot with large stone wheels drawn by horses. Some of the pillars tell stories of Thiruvilaiyadal of lord Shiva, wedding scenes of Shiva and Parvathi, Kanthapuranam stories and more dancing poses of Shiva. The 100 pillars mandapam leads to Y and X

The west side of the temple has panels of socio-cultural aspects of Chola period, which are revealed in these small panels—ranging from Periyapuranam, punishments, dance etc., X corridor around the temple has plenty of sculptures and paintings.

Id X & Y
 Guys a little help? I installed a pirated copy of windows 8 in school, when I was foolish. How can I get my original windows 7 back?
 Yeah. You'll have to try to validate your windows. Then when it says original khareedo, it redirects to Win10 download page.
 Nah. Get a KMS crack, run that and then update to Windows 10 without clean install. Did it on a friend's Ubuntu lap and hasn't squealed yet
 There's an FAQ on the Windows website, on how to install Win10 on fake Windows. Not sure where exactly though.
 these guys are really getting into my ass about that windows 10 update. 
makes me wonder why. 
i havent uodated nor do i plan to
 Just download a copy of windows 7 and use some forged cd key or genuine converter
 I suggest download that if your laptop has Intel graphics, cause then drivers isn't a problem
 Hey all. Dont miss the unmissable. Nawab of Noida Hari Parmeswaran and a stalwart of Delhi quizzing is doing an Open General quiz on 24th April Sunday.  Be prepared for fending off the salvos ranging from Hentai to Hatimtai 
Time 230 pm onwards
Venue 2LT 1
Contact 9818766117 , 9871335718
 Cosmos.
The Elegant Universe.
Black Holes and Time Warps.
Michio Kaku's book.
A Brief/Briefer History of Time.
All of these are excellent physics books for the layman.
 See. I had original windows 7 in school, and I downloaded windows 8. Now it's messed up so bad
 Also! Anyone who's interested in how WWII affected science, especially astrophysics, read Black Holes and Time Warps. It's brilliant.
 Haan BC. Have to disable background data so much nowadays. System apps eat up all my mobile data.
 "2012" was one of the most successful movies of 2009 since its plot revolved around  the "end of the world superstition".

It was released on almost all countries expect in North Korean where it was banned because the government found the movie depicting the year in a negative sense. People who watched pirated version were caught and prosecuted. 

Why was the year ' 2012' so special for the Koreans  which made the  government ban it ?
 Hello everyone
Take a Q is a quizzing group that conducts quiz sessions every Saturday 
Time: 7:30 pm
Venue: CCD , New Friends Colony
 Van Halen is the guitarist. Frankenstrat he named it. Sadly musicians make up for bad quizzers hence the disregard for detail
 Danish's Q (From Otto Von) 

Please refrain if seen 

This purportedly happened at the Presidential Gala held at the Ford Theatre in Washington. X was performing at the ceremony. When X sat down at the keyboard and took centre stage, Y , who was seated in the front row, got very excited. Y smiled and started _________ at X. After a moment Y realized his mistake and slowly dropped the errant hand back to his lap. "I know I shouldn't have," a witness said later on, "but I started laughing." 

This incident was reported by The Washington Post and other sections of media. However, certain sections play down the excitement shown by Y and the extent of the gesture.  These sections claim that the _______  was far less than initially made out to be and was directed at someone else, probably Kelsey Grammer, the emcee of the evening. 

Id X, Y and tell me Y’s faux pas.
 Meanwhile, 

I hope people here are going for the Biz Quiz tomorrow morning. It would be Gen-Biz in nature. Also, Raj Dam from QuizWorks hosting it, would be fun. Do take a shot!
 Horenso Borgia was a lapidary who tasked with what "makeover" by a royal that he eventually fluffed and was fined 10,000 rupees?
 is Correct Satya. 

Aurangzeb wanted the diamond cut down from 730 carats to add to its lustre. 
Borgia, the clumsy idiot put it down to 186.
 im not a lapidary big im assuming cutting through a diamond isn't like cutting through butter, there isnt much left apart from diamond dust.  
but then I'm not a lapidary
 I was surprised one day to discover that some of the drills used in neurosurgery especially for transnasal approach have diamond tips.
 diamond can pierce through anything,. 
not true i think 
it can scratch through anything (natural) 

diamonds are used in precision tools not heavy duty tools.
 was just an ad cooked up by a woman before sleeping whose assignment was due the next morning
 "The importance of chess to me was not as a player but as a tournament director. In my early 20s, I was writing. I sold a few short stories. My big dream was to be a full-time writer and support myself with my fiction but I wasn't making enough money to pay my rent and pay the phone bill – so I had to have a day job," said X.

In 1972, Bobby Fischer did X a huge favour by winning the world chess championship. "Bobby Fischer played Boris Spassky in Reykjavík and won – and the entire American chess community went nuts!"
 
On the back of Fischer's success, the game became hugely popular. X was hired to direct the Midwestern circuit for a national organisation that ran chess tournaments. "For two or three years, I had a pretty good situation. Most writers who have to have a day job work five days a week and then they have the weekend off to write. These chess tournaments were all on the weekend so I had to work on Saturday and Sunday – but then I had five days off to write. The chess generated enough money for me to pay my bills."

Who is X?
 Isn't this from the photo that's being going around for the past few days on fb?
 wait what WHAT
phooti kauri = phooti cowrie

dont mind me,  ill join kapoor on the m=b train
 So I think the comparison could be that the brain is so worthless that no one is gonna exchange a dhela for that or it could be comparison with the size of the dhela.
 Please don't steal this moment from me
I made two people's M go B. Leave my question alone😜
 Just saw The Grand Budapest Hotel. I get that the painting A Boy with Apple as well as the artist is fictional. Is the painting he replaces it with also fictional?
 Boy with Apple was actually commissioned by Wes Anderson to a really good painter, can't remember his name. The painting was valued pretty high as well
 Oh. He was a protégé of Klimt. I saw one of his paintings too in the movie.
 Bombay is more active in terms of prominence and travelling. But they'll probably lose MELA To Kanpur
 apart from the quiz club,  its kinda a no brainerr man,  much more quizzing in bombay than kanpur
 Prateek V is metaphorical amitabh Bachchan of Kaalia. Woh jahaan khada hota hai quizzes wahin se shuru hoti hai
 Great guy prateek V. The reason why me, Roshan, arnav and others from neps started quizzing
 Also, coming from Delhi, you'll be dissuaded by the lack of college quizzing in comparison, but there's a lot of open quizzes here
 Panda competition is also less in Mumbai. Delhi everyone is winning in some quiz or other. There are so many.
 Jesse Carmichael, Mickey Madden, James Valentine, Matt Flynn, PJ Morton are part of which famous band ? (although all that people see is only one guy)
 I went for APOGEE
They had quizzes like

9pm-1am 1am -6am  9am-11am  1pm -5pm  then 7pm-11pm cultural night and then 12am-5am and then 10am-3pm
 2011- Back to December by Taylor Swift. 
2012- Payphone by Maroon 5.
2013-Come and Get It by Selena Gomez 
2014-Story of my life by one direction. 
2015 - Bad Blood by Taylor Swift. 
The aforementioned are year and songs that won teen choice award for a certain two word category that makes these songs feature on repeat play list of whiny teens. In category did the songs won the award ?
 This recipient of the prestigious Max Planck medal whose birthday falls today was a gifted musician but went on to become one of the leaders in a field that has attracted a lot of attention towards a world leader recently. One of his doctoral advisors was Gustav Kirchhoff. Who?
 Once upon a time, a terrible dragon terrorised the inhabitants of a small village in Catalonia called Montblanc. The dragon wrecked havoc among the population and devoured the animals put out to pasture until there were none left. To calm the dragon's anger, the inhabitants of the village decided to sacrifice one person every day until one day Saint Jordi saved them all, piercing the dragon with his lance.   This event is the reason for the depiction of something in a different aspect altogether. What?
 In a certain context, Nagaland is first, Meghalya is second and Mizoram is third. 

These three states also form a group which makes them unique keeping demographics in mind. 

Put funda.
 Or something to do with the fact that he played for only city and leicester city
 Okay. I'll close. Put it up cause the fact is interesting not so much as the player.
 For the first time, the Serie A has seen a game in its history that has had zero Italian players start. Who are the two teams playing?
 Which PL club did chhetri sign a 3 year deal with but could not play due to visa issues?
 So Emily Ratajkowski's Facebook page is hilarious. Every top comment on almost every photo of hers is "Emily, eat something" 😂
 btw, is anyone else getting this message when trying to open kat.cr
“Your requested URL has been blocked as per the directions received from Department of Telecommunications, Government of India. Please contact administrator for more information.”
 Now I'll be like those sad old dudes who go to open quizzes and don't manage ro qualify 😂
 Originally derived from Ancient Greek, this invention by Sir David Brewster, meant "observation of beauty that is seen in different forms".  Sir David began working on this piece of beauty since 1815, which children love to possess.  As a result of this invention, there was a huge demand in US, UK and France, as it was portraying beauty.  What are we talking about?
 Kalos - beauty
eidos, - that which is seen: form, shape
scope - to look into

Hence, Kaleidoscope - observation of beautiful forms
 I think that might be a mistake. Usual venue is 2LT2. Mightve been what he meant
 OLD INDIAN CURRENCY SYSTEM..
Phootie Cowrie to Cowrie
Cowrie to Damri
Damri  to Dhela
Dhela  to Pie
Pie to  to Paisa
Paisa to Rupya
256 Damri = 192 Pie = 128 Dhela = 64 Paisa (old) = 16 Anna = 1 Rupya

Now We know how some of the Indian proverbs..
originated..
ek 'phooti cowrie' nahin doonga...
'dhele' ka kaam nahin karti hamari bahu...
chamdi jaye par 'damdi' na jaye...
'pie pie' ka hisaab rakhna...
 There are certified buyers on Flipkart as well, who've given actual reviews. How I wish I could use these once.
 This reminds me of that town in Indonesia where the police burnt a fuck ton of Weed
 If the Conversation, Measure for Measure and Dog Day Afternoon are three. Then what are the other two and what am I talking about?
 FFC didn't even want to make GF3. He wanted to call it death of Michael Corleone or something. Producers wanted $$.
 Or I will ask one of my juniors at AIIMS hostel to upload the episode in Google drive.
 T shirts, though, they started off with the Navy, didn't really become popular till the early 1950s. What caused their surge in popularity?
 Did watching Brokeback Mountain or Blue is the Warmest Colour made you change your (straight) sexual orientation?
 If they have legalised gay marriage, because it's "2 adults' choice" why shouldn't incest be legalised? There are many who practise it.
 but yea god hates fags
there is even this dude in our college who is mr. faggot india or some shit I'm not even making this up they have some pageant for faggots and he ranked 12th in the world which reminds me what
 My point was, that justwatching any of these movies or shows shouldn't make you feel any different about your sexual orientation.
 but the whole thing is ridiculous, like why should one's judgement of another's physical attractiveness change on learning their orientation?
 I mean why have a separate pageant for fags? It's not a physical trait or anything
 so why restrict participation based on some non physical trait when unltimately they will be judged on their bodies?
 well faggot pageant is akin to the pwd quiz we had. 
most of them had functioning brains,  right. in the sense their disability was physical?  meaning it wouldn't impede with their quizzing abilities. 

just to encourage participation is the answer. atleast they didnt say you've to team up with a straight person. 🙂
 XD xD fgt pageant teaming up with straight people xD to encourage fgts to participate in pageants coz they face impediment in doing so normally xD
 Abhimanyu, being blind, or deaf definitely leads you with a big disadvantage in quizzing circuit.
The precise reason, why the PWD quiz happened.
It's not similar with what Shubhorup's saying.
 What 2 word modern title can be applied to either Rudolf Hess or Max Amann? #pj not for serious minded quizzers
 Btw. It's rassen ballsport because  the dfb does not allow corporate names to be added to german teams.
 Aditya I don't think Indian sex laws take the participants' genetic distance into account
So no, no laws banning incest
 @Abhimanyu being visually impaired is a HUGEASS disadvantage to knowledge acquisition, can you imagine how big an advantage a little thing like being able to scan through an entire text without it being read linearly is? Also you can forget having any knowledge about any visual media including paintings, movies, tv shows, ads, etc. even if you can memorise certain facts; for a blind quizzer go out of their way to  gain knowledge about such things would be trivial pursuit as they would have 0 interest in all this
 for hearing impaired, same goes for songs and poetry(can't appreciate poetry if you can't tell meter)
 those are just huge sections of knowledge which these people have no incentive, outside quizzing, in pursuing
 haven't decided yet
although the only insti I can apply to right now is CMI(giving their exam in May)
 but I'm pretty much sucking at the math I'm doing now, so don't know if that will be a wise decision
 but anunay don't you realise
I only want to get into the purest of disciplines for the basest of motives
will you see your field ruined so?
 Well, I'd only be happy that you are doing Math. In all honesty, most people seem to detest Math for some reason.
 If you're looking for a Math PhD, come to Stanford. We have some of the best people ❤ #shamelessplug
 Lol you folks talking about Stanford MIT and the like as if its hella easy to get in  Dude Apratim, isn't that a top Google Image Search result when you search for ASU or something lol
 Does the study environment vary from the best colleges in the US to the ones in UK?
 Hey, little late to the discussion here but isn't ISI the best for maths in India?
 In the UK there is the college system. So there is more intra college competition, academic and otherwise.
 then my other friend sent me simple pickup USC video, which had as comment "ASU has some DUMB sloots"
 When I went to Oxford, I discovered that the life of medicos is very much like AIIMS.
 I actually want to pursue a PhD in physics but don't care a lot about the academia.
 I don't know about the German requirement but the elder sister of a junior of mine did her PhD at ETH.
 JobEx would help you a lot. My seniors tell me job ex guys hog all the summer internships.
 Meanwhile I am here sitting in front of my study desk and contemplating what am I doing with my life
 Something no one told me about GRE was that rough work had to be done with pencil
 Gre is still okay. Toefl would be fun. When everyone starts shouting when the speaking section starts  Bad score matters, man. You can't be like 310 and take me in for a core course
Of course a good score doesn't really guarantee anything except for not getting fucked up
 If you want to study math and you score a 170 in English and 160 in math it'll lower your chances even with a 330
 True, Atishay. Depends a lot on the course. 335 might be like okay for Physics at some places
 Let's clear out the atmosphere with a question. Those who have seen please be sincere enough and not answer.
 Am happy to see that there are folks here who want to complete PhD but don't want to get into academia😅
 At least these were that small. And the artist's insta and various sources call it that
 anyone played command and conquer Generals?
you had Dolphins and Giant Squids as a part of your navy
 fucking internet also, the slide says $680,000
pretty sure it should be a decimal point instead of comma :p
 I had uploaded on the group. You and Kapoor had said yes to uploading it and we talked about it on the group
 Basically a protagonist faces difficulty etc and comes out of a hole(difficulty) learns in the process so Man in a Hole
 The plot of land on which the building stands today was gifted to a Parsi family — the Ashburners — by the East India Company in the early 19th century. They built an enormous mansion on this land and called it the Somerset House after Sir Henry Somerset, a commander-in-chief in the Bombay Presidency. The property was then acquired by Badruddin Tyabji, the third President of the Indian National Congress, in 1882.

Eventually, the Maharaja of Indore bought the mansion from Tyabji and resided in it till 1937. He was the last royal to actually use the structure as a residence. The mansion was then sold to the Maharaja of Bhavnagar in the same year, who used it as a holiday home.

Which SoBo building is this?
 Isnt it a specific bombay qoschen Panda?

I mean, i dont know shit even about delhi as such but just wondering. xD
 I remember during Chitkara, Tushar was sitting beside me and Mubayi was right on front of me.
 Lol. I don't know whether anyone else has noticed but there's that distinct rotation of the head that he does.
 I take it as compliment of highest order that Sreshth sir personally told me that I am faster than him in buzzer. 
#bestdayofmahlyf
 me on the other hand am shit on the buzzer. i think all of crucible this year - i hit 3 buzzers in total.
one in each round.
 In a bid to make the Cumbrian Island of Sodor. more multicultural and diverse a host of new additions are being made by the creator,_______ -  4 new female characters plus characters from India(Ashima) ,  China(Yong Bao) ,  Brazil(Raul),  Mexico etc will be seen. 

what am i talking about
 I was expecting some resurrection but all I got to see was nude Carice van Houten.
 thomas is correct anindita 

‘Why must I expose my kids to all these sexy trains?’ How the world will react to the new Thomas the Tank Engine

http://gu.com/p/4tv9d?CMP=Share_AndroidApp_Copy_to_clipboard
 (fair warning, you need a 4k tv to see the x265, but it's playable on PC via VLC and whatnot and phones via MX Player )
 1. Ghost
2. Lady
3. Greywind
 4. Shaggydog
5. Nymeria
6. Summer
Arrange in ascending order of owner's ages
 Of course you an watch hevc video on a 1080p tv 
In fact most stuff encoded with x265 is still 1080p
 There'll obviously be some tvs which can decode it and some tvs which can't since it's a relatively new standard
 Arrey that is immaterial. This is more of a joke, if you get what I mean
 I guess coz the owner has no ambition to win trophies, just make money, and Wenger does not spend much on players and stuff so yeah
 A 7 hours 20 mins long video has been uploaded by a Swedish filmmaker for his project titled Ambiancé. The final product is meant for a single time use, after which it will be destroyed. What superlative in the entertainment industry does this project Ambiancé hold as of now? 
 In the movie "The guardians of the galaxy" when the 5 heroes escape from the Kyln and are having an argument in Quill's spaceship, Gamora ends her argument of never partnering with Quill with the dialogue "And Quill, your spaceship is filthy." and walks away(camera shows Quill checking her out as she goes). He turns to rocket and says " You've no idea. If you had a blacklight, this place would look like a _______ _______ ________." Rocket replies "You have issues Quill". What art reference does he use?
 Spit cakes are manufactured by applying the dough or batter on to a tapered rotating spit. This is baumkuchen, a German variety of spot cakes. What does Baumkuchen mean? A name it gets because of its appearance.
 It seems a physical education teacher named _______ _______ didn't cotton to long hair or loud music. A run-in with him helped get the boys suspended. As a way of getting back, they named the band for _______, changing the vowels to avoid a lawsuit and becoming famous enough to make the story a rock legend. The new York times describing him “They realized that putting him in an undergarment as an outer piece — a shirt with jeans — redefined sexuality, ruggedness, what it meant to be an American male. It redefined the American male as a bad boy. The guy who got the girl was not a schoolteacher and accountant, he was the guy riding around on a motorcycle in a T-shirt.” What 1950s reason for popularity of the T shirt is being described?
 A game is divided into three 12-minute periods, and is played five a side on a 35- to 37-meter by 26- to 28-meter court. It is regarded as 'the fastest growing sport' and is known to demand highly honed skills. The world cup started in 1995 and was rebranded in 2005. Which sport?
 Sreshth - Whered you get that from? Rotti also asked in some quiz of his. Same article/source i reckon
 I'm making qns for barefoot sports quiz in cal. Would've shared qns here but many from here are travelling
 Because of the light gray background, the director couldn't get the rain in the camera like he wanted it. So he added black ink into the tank of water used to recreate the effect of rain and shot the scenes. Which director and what scenes?
 This is a russian word meaning "girl" - also the name of a four piece band from Denver, Colorado. Originally a backing band for burlesque shows, in their early years they also toured with burlesque performer and model Dita Von Teese. They initially gained popularity through a film/game trailer or two, and became quite famous through a 2006 film for which they also worked on the music for. Which band? Which 2006 indie favourite is the film?
 Comedian used to come on Jon Stewart as one of the regulars. Wasn't big in Hollywood then
 For more such qs on contemporary ent (and other genres. pakka.) come to a session I may or may not done sometime in June  A)Identify her 
B)Her great grand father 
C)What first did she achieve in a long running history in March 2016
 Fuck.. I knew Jackson Pollock painting.. Missed it coz SS was throwing around GOT spoilers willynilly
 A famous cartoon of its day. The guy being overwhelmed by the huge hat is symbolic of the shoes he was expected to fill, but did not do so well. The statue in the background is the person who our guy was expected to emulate. Name both people and the reason why the guy was expected to emulate the guy in the statue.
 In commentary banter during the Guardian's coverage of the Leicester City v Swansea game, suggestions were mentioned for 'Vardy
Who was suggested (by one James Seo) to play Shinji Okazaki?
 I'd even be willing to let Utd take a loss if absolutely necessary for Leicester to win
 If they get 2. And tottenham wins their next 3. Tottenham wins title on goal difference
 I like Alli but them winning would be fucking travesty after all Leicester have been through
 Tottenham may still win it in the next 3-4 years. But thing like leicester wont happen again till many many years
 the FA Cup will be a massive boost to us. 
as far is next season is concerned.
 I am  90% sure about the theory of him being from the planet Zoltan, mind controlling the Glazers and Woodward
 Klopp has lost too bottom table teams badly too btw. 
The team is shite. 
They need the masterclass of LvG
 scared of Gerrard? 
no no i distinctly remember his slip, wasnt scary,,,  funny actually. hilarious 
but the sentiment isnt shared in Merseyside i hear.
 Peter Schmeichel joined Utd .. Won the league five times and retired and his son is about to win the league now..but Liverpool still hasn't
 Pocrescophobia is the fear of what? (Pls don't Google n spoil the fun) also please pm me.
 They ended 2 title dreams this year as well. Cazorla and Coq both picked up injuries in that match at the Hawthorns.
 Anybody can turn the handle for as long as they want and it'll release a penny every 4.75 seconds. What is this art installation trying to establish?
 Closing this. Distribute points.  among yourselves. 
Ans: This machine allows anyone to work for minimum wage for as long as they like. Turning the crank on the side releases one penny every 4.97 seconds, for a total of $7.25 per hour. This corresponds to minimum wage for a person in New York. This piece is brilliant on multiple levels, particularly as social commentary. Without a doubt, most people who started operating the machine for fun would quickly grow disheartened and stop when realizing just how little theyre earning by turning this mindless crank. A person would then conceivably realize that this is what nearly two million people in the United States do every day at much harder jobs than turning a crank. This turns the piece into a simple, yet effective argument for raising the minimum wage.
 What is the name of the condition that is caused due to the challenges faced by a  person in enjoying activities of human intimacy like cuddling and spooning?
 What is the name of the condition that is caused due to the challenges faced by a  person in enjoying activities of human intimacy like cuddling and spooning?
 This man was arrested in 2002 on charges of theft stealing daily for the last 30 odd years. All it took him was a magnet and 15 minutes of darkness. What did he steal?
Alternatively, Valeria Marini was fined 160 euros for recreating a scene from her favorite director's film. Who's the director and the film?
 A recent board game  based on a famous game started its funding recently on Kickstarter seeking minimum £50,000 which got fulfilled in 3 minutes.
 The Twenty Committee  oversaw the  World War II anti-espionage and deception operation of the MI5. 

Nazi agents in Britain -real and false were captured, turned themselves in or simply announced themselves and were used by the British to broadcast disinformation to their Nazi Controllers. 

ID the funda behind the name of the committee.
 A famous cartoon of its day. The guy being overwhelmed by the huge hat is symbolic of the shoes he was expected to fill, but did not do it too well. The statue in the background is the person who our guy was expected to emulate. Name both people and the reason why the guy was expected to emulate the guy in the statue.
 That guy in the statue was of a very high rank in politics, but he died almost as soon as he got to the top level
 And why would this guy be expected to follow in the footsteps of the guy in the statue?
 Benjamin was often criticised for not having the charisma his father, an army general in the war of 1812 and various Indian wars, had
 Three directors were offered the film prior to X. Peter Jackson was the initial choice of producers Joshua Donen and Ross Grayson Bell, who had been impress ed with Jackson’s work on Heavenly Creatures (1994) and The Frighteners (1996). Jackson however, although he loved the _____ _________ novel, was too busy prepping The Lord of the Rings This game has been the subject of a very popular urban legend, has also been featured on one episode of Simpsons with "property of the US govt" written under it.
It is said to have been a recruiting and testing game of various us security agencies
 Around a month after its supposed release in 1981, Polybius is said to have disappeared without a trace.[2]There is no evidence that such a game has ever existed.
 Older games were incredibly hard. Don't think the average modern gamer can finish Contra. I know I can't (without cheats)
 X, in its Chinese translation, was called 'Donald Duck Club', even though he rarely appeared on the show, focusing on his extended family, because the audience would recognize Donald's brand name. Name the TV show X.
 In the 19th century, famed Naturalist John James Audubon tried to fool his rival Constantine Rafinesque with a unique 28 of something that was so well executed that it's full scope was greater than he could have imagined. 

What/How did he prank Constantine?
 A FIFA .com article reads “X,Football Legend” recounting the tales of how he established football clubs in as many as 3 cities and gave a fillip to football in a certain country which was still in its infancy. However after returning to his home country, he discouraged his countrymen from playing football. Some people say he was also responsible for football losing out its position as the sport of choice when he moved away from the footballing hub of the country to one where another sport was popular.
Who is X?
 11 fake fish, 3 fake snails, 2 fake birds, 1 fake mollosc, 2 fake plants, and 9 fake rats
 A FIFA .com article reads “X,Football Legend” recounting the tales of how he established football clubs in as many as 3 cities and gave a fillip to football in a certain country which was still in its infancy. However after returning to his home country, he discouraged his countrymen from playing football. Some people say he was also responsible for football losing out its position as the sport of choice when he moved away from the footballing hub of the country to one where another sport was popular.
Who is X?
 How did the Founder of Macy's Department store and Founder-Son of Waldorf Astoria Hotel die ??
 It was initially coined to describe a woman who provides __________-for-pay as one of the case studies within Bruce Roger's pulp paperback The Bizarre Lovemakers. The term was taken up shortly after by the Myron Kosloff title __________ (with art by Eric Stanton) in 1968, and entered more popular mainstream knowledge following the 1976 film __________ Without Mercy.
 In 2003, when the India & West Indies squads of the historic 1983 final met for a 20 years reunion, why did BS Sandhu make some hasty excuse & not exchange visiting cards with Gordon Greenidge?
 AJM is basically goofy stuff.
Akkhan Just Miss is a semi Kannada slang meaning "I just missed (your sister)"
 So basically when you Cannot Place a funda and miss it in a quiz it's an AJM moment
 Why has a particular sportsman from Talegaon, a drought hit village in Maharasthra, been creating headlines across India? One can even say his achievements are a bit ironic.
 Amiya Mallick almost qualified for the Rio Olympics but in a twist that could only happen in India was denied the chance to do so even though he had completed the run in the  qualifying time. Why didn't he qualify?
 @jena Much much later. This dashe Soham kamila were in my batch. KC still going strong. Won't retire it seems.
 The utter disgrace that took place when lights went out and backup power was not activated. Hand held clocks were used for the sprint finals
 If you are a quizzer, you already know where you will be in the last weekend of June. This is just to confirm all that.
Askqance 2016, the 35th anniversary celebrations of the Karnataka Quiz Association, is scheduled for June 24, 25, 26. Come, join us, for three days worth of quizzes of the highest quality.
The venue for all quizzes will be the Institute of Agricultural Technologists (IAT) on Queens Road, Bangalore.
Friday, June 24
12 pm to 1:30 pm
Megawhats Semifinal I
2:30 pm to 4 pm
Megawhats Semifinal II
4:15 pm to 6:30 pm
Megawhats Final
QMs: Mitesh Agarwal and Venkatesh S
Saturday, June 25
9:30 am to 1 pm
The Knappily India Quiz
Teams of up to 4 members
QMs: Ochintya Sharma and Alagarsamy
1:30 pm to 3:30 pm
Doubles Cull, a Sports quiz
Teams of up to 2 members
QMs: Ashwin Kumar and Rajagopal PS
3:30 pm to 9:30 pm
Son of Lumiere, a Movies quiz
Teams of up to 4 members
QMs: Anustup Datta and Santosh Swaminathan
Sunday, June 26
9:30 am to 1 pm
Collected Works, an Arts quiz
Teams of up to 4 members
QMs: Vivek Karthikeyan and Varun Rajiv
2 pm to 6:30 pm
Sesame, the Open quiz
Teams of up to 4 members
QMs: Arul Mani and Thejaswi Udupa
And starting at 7 pm, we shall have a fun AJM quiz, where everyone's a winner. If you have never experienced an AJM quiz, no better time than Askqance to do so.
QMs: Sai Ganesh, Abhishek Upadhya and Kaustuba Venugopal
 Same. DAVs are sad. My school was supposedly one of the best in East Delhi. But I don't think we've a lot to boast, besides an AIR 29 in JEE Advanced and a few other people.
 Loved my years at DAV, expect for some shitty moments like the morning assembly at 9 Our Principal here in Hansraj forced the Indian choir to sing it on our annual day😂
 I did my 10th from a very libral and a good anglo school so i found it very rigid and conservative.
 And the biggest irony was that out of 6 teacher who thaught me 4 sent there kids to my school .
 X is a very famous gazal immortalized by Z, a famous Pakistani singer whose visits to india often creates controversy but also has a huge fan base here.
X was written by Z,a freedom fighter whose most important contribution was a revolutionary slogan. 
Give X,Y,Z
 #BakchodQ


According to a recent Reddit Poll about the Must Have changes in Kitchen Appliances, 'See Through Fridge' secured first position while 'Spfork' secured third position. What idea, which would certainly be 'helpful for ninjas' came second?
 this girl i know, she's going to iim b over iim a because she wants a work life balance
 It depends I suppose. As long as your work-pay balance is fine, I guess. That's why a lot of people don't mind IB. Because you do get paid shitloads for the insane amount you work.
 #EasyQ
Connect :
Maria Hill
Phil Colson 
Jasper Sitwell
Nick Fury
(and no, marvel characters doesn't count)
 Whom did Bain Capital paid$4 million as service fee for negotiating a deal between Bain Capital and the firm lenders ?
 Well closing it
It's 
Characters who appeared in both the small screen and big screen MCU
 A guy at McK Bombay told me he lives in a hotel across the street from the McK Building, works 4 days a week in building, 1 day from home and they pay for a trip back home or for someone to come there on the weekend
 @Jena - He must be living in Oberoi. McK Ka office is in Nariman Point and that's the hotel in front of it
 Fwiw. Partners at consults can switch to CXO positions at a click of a finger -  2-3 cr bhi kam bol raha tha shaayad. More like 4-5. 40-50 lpa -  I have friends who will be earning that NOW. Straight out of college
 @Kapoor - thanks for the info. I'll ask my CA to follow it up with you  Read somewhere in the convos above about sarkari naukri being tax free etc. Not true man. Woh din gaye abhi. We dont even have pf anymore. They are promoting NPS big time by making it the only contributory option available to us.
 I know a bit late but Food Overdose in Paschim Vihar, right in front of the metro @Jayant
 If someone has a spot in their team,and can include me in their team, please let me know.
 Based on the Vertigo Comics series created by A and B, X follows small town Texas X Jesse Custer (Dominic Cooper). After being possessed by a heavenly power, Custer finds himself on a wild adventure with ex-girlfriend Tulip and his vampire best friend Cassidy.
 x lobbied to get the part of Don Vito Corleone in The Godfather (1972), even offering to lose a good deal of weight in order to get the role. Francis Ford Coppola, a x fan, had to turn him down because he already had Marlon Brando in mind for the role and felt X wouldn’t be right for it. Another fan of X however dreamed of making an adaptation of one of X's most iconic works, the only legacy of which is a song from one of his albums of the same title.
 and it was called a "a salvage job, a compilation of scraps from stillborn _____ projects."
 Another fan of X however dreamed of making an adaptation of one of X's most iconic works, the only legacy of which is a song from one of his albums of the same title.
 Orson Welles lobbied to get the part of Don Vito Corleone in The Godfather (1972), even offering to lose a good deal of weight in order to get the role. Francis Ford Coppola, a Welles fan, had to turn him down because he already had Marlon Brando in mind for the role and felt Welles wouldn’t be right for it.
 basically if you are on a watchlist, you are screwed. As a casual surfer, you can expect anonymity and privacy and stuff
 X considered both Y and Z for the role of ____  but decided against both of them. X did not think Y would suit the role after watching his performance in ____ ______ (1976), as he deemed Y not psychotic enough for the role. He did not think Z would suit the role after watching his performance on ____ & _____ (1978), as he deemed him too psychotic for the role.
 Tor is safe enough. Instead of Tor i suggest download the Vidalia Exit Bundle. You can then use that for all your source connections and not just from the Tor browser
 I will give a FUQ. 
Another actor paid homage to Valentino in April 1964 and then created a certain first. What?
 The connect is a phrase which can be gained from the historical context of Ben Hur's story
 this shit I get because I am from Delhi, have learned to quiz under the auspices of Arjo  well, i dont think its about being insanely good at all at this point, given how random the q was
 An apocryphal legend holds that the inspiration for this came from a story X had heard at Castle Island (South Boston), Massachusetts, when he was a private there in 1827.
According to this legend, while stationed at Castle Island in 1827 he saw a monument to Lieutenant Robert Massie. Massie had been killed in a sword duel on Christmas Day 1817 by Lieutenant Gustavus Drane, following a dispute during a card game.According to the legend, other soldiers then took revenge on Drane by getting him drunk, luring him into the dungeon, chaining him to a wall, and sealing him in a vault.This version of Drane's demise is false; Drane was courtmartialled for the killing and acquitted and lived until 1846.
Which story?
 Have a friend at Kgp who's in fifth year. They had quizzers only till like 2012-13 or so. Abhi ka scene is very bad. They don't even have quizzers to hold Ktj/SF quizzes.
 What was the significance of the "eh" that caused the major newspapers and channels to warn people about the potential danger that possessed in the 1999.
 Kgp had decent scene till last year. Arijit, who is now a Rhodes scholar, stopped quizzing actively and a bunch of their quizzers graduatrd
 Basically the "eh" was something that caused a huge outcry from people around the tech Field
Which prompted the company in question to clear up the mess in the 1999.
 I really dotn know better I can frame it to make sure Google does not spit up answers
 Reposting before closing. Connect Ben Hur ( Original wala) to Hail, Caesar. The answer is a phrase/descriptor which can be derived from the historical context of the movie
 Basically a group of hackers discovered that typing 'eh' into any hotmail account caused it to open up
 Rao and him beat What's his face suraj menon and whoever at moodi ent some years back
 MELA is inherently a result of people indulging in awesome things. Except A, people actively listen to music/watch films/read books. Thoda bias justified bhi hai  but a lot of sports gawds tell me that watching doesnt necessarily equate to doing good in sports quizzes
 biz has made me money,  but i do agree with kapoor. 
on a rudimentary level biz is shit. 
but it can be good, as captain has showed us. 
and because literally everything can be biz
 Sports is a vast field man. Quizzing wise it proves out to be more vast than MELA
 @Kapoor - After a certain point of time, sports quizzing is picking the right guy for the right q
 bhai jayant acs,  was there any money for Stephens college 
or did you guys cheat me
 I just wish I was good at one thing then being this jack of all trades types. Doesn't help anywhere.😂
 I got 2 answers non com in Mela quiz.. David Copperfield and Take me to Church
 Nah. I was just asked whether any of you had showed me NSIT Gen cause it's being run her this week.
 I think Sumant Sir will run it at Kutub. But there's the slight issue of a few Q's been posted on Quizician already
 Will never forget beaten by saint and Arjo beating my team in an open sports quiz!
 if i get to jnu, and he's there will ask him to sit with me 😛
 This ethnic indian stuff gives you the widest margin anywhere so using it as a symbol of socialism is bullshit
 Hehe. I remember Viraj and Kunal answering Khadi Gram Udyog in Crucible east zone and making it to the nationals.
 Bundesliga
La Liga
Serie A
Champions League 
World Cup 

One guy has won all of the above. Who?
 FFUQ That season Bayern finished in an uncharacteristic 4th position meaning they played UEFA Cup the next season. Against which money "fuelled" team did they crash out against? Losing an embarrassing 4-0 away from home
 What extremely well known phrase from ancient times is the motto of the state of California?
 Hahahaha. Eureka was asked in prelims of Columban Open Quiz 2010 . Didn't know it back then.
 X is an online website portal for online trading, investments and stock marketing. The company was founded in February 2000. X was also the name of Sohail Khan's  supposedly upcoming movie with Kapil Sharma. X is a character in the telugu movie Y starring RamCharan, Kajal Aggarwal, SriHari, Dev Gill. The first half of Y's name relates to a country in the Indian History with Pataliputra & Rajgir as capital cities. 

Id X and Y
 A pair of black aces and a pair of black eights were the cards held by notorious Wild West gunman "Wild" Bill Hickok, the moment he was shot dead in a saloon in Deadwood, South Dakota. Bill's hand is since known as _________
 Does anyone remember that golf funda that'd become real popular? ESPN's golf blog or something similar named for some legendary golfer
 What is this a list of?
Anal
V8
Queen Victoria
4Real
Talula does the Hula from Hawaii
 People tried to name their kids these but it was rejected by the Court or something like that.
 Since 2007 their Govt release a list of names that they didn't allow parents to give to their children
 David Miscaviage, the founder of Scientology, is all up in arms about a recent book being published about him. This is not the first time Miscaviage has threatened to sue author's for publishing books about him but the new one, titled  "Ruthless
Who is the author of the new book?
 Haha always
I even a bought a shirt with that line.

So are they releasing a new season or the movie?
 Q. This football legend was to be named exactly after another footballing great (as his parents were ardent fans) but this was denied by the authorities as it sounded too close to a common female name of the time. The problem was later overcome by adding a single letter to the name. Identify the two players. #ConvolutedStylz
 The letter that was added was 'n' making it two Ns in the baby boy's name
 Dennis Bergkamp was to be named Denis after Denis Law. But, the Dutch officials refused as it sounded too close to Denise, a female name.
 ________ __________ dos Santos Aveiro is still playing. His father gave his second name after X, who was then a man of power somewhere else in the world. X was the father's favourite actor. ID the footballer and X
 @^^^ There is a hindi remake of awake too. Starring sekhar suman and om puri as docs
 sam billings of England playing for Delhi daredevils gave up what sporting opportunity to play cricket instead for England?
 A fun fact about X, famous for voicing Y in animated shows, movies and games alike is that parts of his name form the name of the institution Y is imprisoned in. 
X, Y and funda
 Q) who was the first football player to put the ball inside the goal in the final match of 2010 WC.
 A certain Tughlaq Sultan, who succeeded Mohammad Bin Tughluq and Proceeded Ghiyasuddin II was buried at Hauz Khas complex. 

How has he left his mark on Delhi, something which is probably on the TV screens of some of us right now?
 Created by Elan Lee, Matthew Inman (The Oatmeal), and Shane Small , X is a highly strategic version of Russian Roulette. Players take turns drawing cards until someone draws an X and loses the game. The deck is made up of cards that let you avoid exploding by peeking at cards before you draw, forcing your opponent to draw multiple cards, or shuffling the deck.
219,382 backers pledged $8,782,571 to make X the most funded game in Kickstarter history.
Id X.
 In the movie 'Rango' Clint Eastwood is the visual inspiration for 'Spirit of the West'. In the back of his golf cart, the "Spirit" has five "golden guardians". what does it represent?
 Last Q of the day(meri taraf se ;P)
Founded in 1992, X is a comic book publisher.It was a venue where creators could publish their material without giving up the copyrights to the characters they created, as creator-owned properties as compared to DC & Marvel. It was immediately successful, and remains one of the largest comic book publishers in North America.
Some of the famous works include Outcast, Nailbiter etc.
Id X.
 that game(exploding kittens)  is for 133 bucks,  damned if im going to pay that much. 
not wanting to pay was the reason i shifted ti android
 So many amazing games on Steam for such paltry prices. Would feel bad not shelling out even that much
 If these companies were advertising as much here as they do in the states, we wouldn't bat an eye
 Think about it. An app probably costs lesser than what you'll spend on a night out
 It's annoying to pay full price for FIFA every year for one or two incremental features.
 Maybe you're not satisfied as a customer but that doesn't mean that the company hasn't spent considerable money to develop and advertise the game
 Economically it's more valuable than whatever steam game you might get more entertainment value out of
 but in that sense, there are audiences you can target even if you produce low quality, as long as its tailored to that group and their interests
 Define low quality. You don't need mind blowing graphics. You can build atmosphere, innovate with gameplay and stuff.
 Agreed. But that's what I'm saying. A Coldplay concert will forever cost more than some indie band
 @Christy, AAA is not exactly an official rating. Refers to games by big studios with huge budgets and a lot of marketing.
 hmm. I get what you mean, but in this case the high price is also cause of demand moreso than any input from there end
 I meant a higher production value band will always cost more even though you might enjoy the lower cost ones
 Not taking it literally, was wondering if that particular parallel from music can be drawn here. Not exactly I guess,
 i dont even bother with consoles anymore cause no fking time to play long games. 😐
 and i dont find it worth paying for mobile apps guys,  hence i dont. 
dont even pirate,  if its not free, i dont even bother.
 Fifa is a unique case because people from poorer countries prefer the tried and tested formula of fifa. It is so easy to sell this game that EA don't even release dev interviews and the entire marketing is done through youtube
 Also, the entire gaming market is about to crash. No one apart from Blizzard and Bethesda even care anymore
 Speed racers bhi badhiya hai if you have a group of people whom you play with
 Nobody plays games for the experience anymore 
Everyone does it cuz memes talk about it a lot and so that everyone can be a part of that culture
 So it's bound to get boring after you visit the 15th world's with the same fucking animal
 10 years later, Sebastian and _____ are married with a son. Sebastian works a do-nothing office job, at a military contractor company called "Rize or Die". _____ has grown tired of suburban life, resuming her habit of infiltrating support groups and ultimately, resurrects _____ ______ full time by replacing her husband's medication with placebos so she could have "an affair with him". First two blanks are the same. Fill in all 4
 Need help ? 
How many cigarette boxes is one allowed to bring from foreign to India ?
 cigs cheaper in the USA than in India? 
now i no nothing of cigs,  but that sounds wrong
 overall cheaper?  than india? 
i thought we had one of the cheapest cigs in the worls
 not very, 
again the ones my dad has he got someone to get him from burma
 panda -  my first reaction on hearing about mohan meakins was BC YEH TOH CORN FLAKES BANATEY HAI
 Mohan corn flakes was the reason of my aversion to corn flakes for most of my life
 The “father of Western medicine,” Hippocrates, estimated that phthisis was the most widespread disease of his age. He further told his students that they shouldn’t attempt to treat patients in the last stages of phthisis, as they were sure to die and it would ruin his protégés’ reputation as healers if they made a practice of attempting to heal such individuals - What does phthisis literally mean, so called  because the disease seemed to _______ the individual, with their weight drastically dropping as the disease progressed? How do we better know this disease now?
 A friend once told me they mix pencil shavings and I said you must be fat off.
 i dont think a single packet of mohan corn flakes git consumed at my place over 15odd years
 I've been to dhaula Kuan, race course and tughlaqabad. Teeno mein nahi diya kha kabhi 😅
 Hey ya sounds so different from every one of the other no 1 hits that year
 lifted from wikistylz


X was the first successful attempt to release a domestically aimed robot. 
It was invented by David Hampton and initially sold by Tiger Electronics,  Y manufacturers it now. 
Dubbed "your emoto-tronic friend"  
what 90's craze am i talking about. (X) 
Y for ghanta bonus
 Which movie was initially turned down by a lot of production houses as the director wanted to have 40 different songs played throughout the movie and would have required a lot of  rights work. The project was finally taken up by a production house after FF Coppola (who was the director's close friend) came on board as the producer. Identify the movie.

#KolStylz #QMRecommendations
 fucking hell when i was in the hostel all they did was garba and shit during exams. 
no offense to anyone
 X is a magazine which famously ran a parody of an ad for The Beetle labelling it a lemon. This incident was also featured on Mad Men. Name X
 X is a magazine which famously ran a parody of an ad for The Beetle labelling it a lemon. This incident was also featured on Mad Men. Name X
 This is just April. It'll go past 50 by the time I go home in June.
 Kunal Savarkar once said that biggest problem the Mumbai college quizzing circuit has is the travel and he's right
 See for Peddar road, you need to be a Bollywood actor or work at BCG for 5+ years
 During the Oakland Firestorm of 1991, Will Wright lost his home and had to rebuild his house and in a way his life.
This inspired him to create X which is one of the best sellers among its category. 
Id X.
 Last Q of the day(meri taraf se ;P)
Founded in 1992, X is a comic book publisher.It was a venue where creators could publish their material without giving up the copyrights to the characters they created, as creator-owned properties as compared to DC & Marvel. It was immediately successful, and remains one of the largest comic book publishers in North America.
Some of the famous works include Outcast, Nailbiter etc.
Id X.
 And now when I listen to all.this. the options I have are Hartwell and Maya or whatever
 During the Oakland Firestorm of 1991, Will Wright lost his home and had to rebuild his house and in a way his life.
This inspired him to create X which is one of the best sellers among its category. 
Id X.
 My first iem was the ep 630. It's a legend, imho there's better SQ/₹ out there now.
 Ordered Phillips shq1200 , should be there by tomorrow! Hope it turns out to be good and durable...
 It was a lone crack by some team in megawhats few years ago. Hence the name.
 is there an app that can lock other apps for a certain period of time, so that i can DG m study? 😶
 Anunay told me that Ishaan used to get high on Nitrous Oxide aka the laughing gas
 'Due to my strong personal convictions, I wish to stress that this film in no way endorses a belief in the occult'.
 We could have had several good teams. Except we would have needed a lot of prep in some parts
 See this documentary. Called Class of 2014 on YouTube. You'll see the amount of prep they put with the relentless reading 
Winning UC is not even a fraction of fun like in Indian quizzing
 When giza was first for highest building, even cologne cathedrals construction started, because of which it became the tallest building. But then it cologne cathedral was beaten by WHO as the tallest structure and therfore what makes it unique?
 Rephrasinf - When giza was first for highest building, even cologne cathedrals construction started, because of which it became the tallest building. But then it cologne cathedral was beaten by which building  as the tallest structure and therfore what makes it unique?
 I like the science maths questions on UC. Not because they are very good but coz they are quite easy
 It was beaten again by pyramid of giza since cologne cathedrals construction was paused halfway and it took 600 years to build. So its the only instance of a building beaten by an ex Leader.
 I don't even get the point of teams here 
Rarely is an answer collaboratively formed 
It's mostly wisdom of the crowds effect
 I could have quizzed more. Went to only 20-30% of Quizzes possible. Internship took up all the time
 Through with it now. Was working at this place called Daiichi Sankyo if you know that. In the Medicinal Chemistry and Synthesis Department
 Nah man not necessarily. I wasn't getting any internship in IIT etc as they don't take during the semesters and I wanted one so took this up 
My work was more Synthetic Organic Chemistry and methodology than Pharma
 I did and did the stupidest thing ever. Last year was a fuck up on my behalf as I overestimated my score as I gave the exam without any serious prep. Ended up getting IIT Hyderabad and Gandhinagar
 Last year I told you I got delusional with the hope of getting an IIT so screwed Germany plans
 They say they take people after BSc on paper but expect something special out of Indian students
 On your seniors ACS idk if you know him. Deepto went to Yale straight after BSc
 I don't know if it is true. But there are universities which make exception for certain colleges
 I'm talking about a PhD. Masters is still achievable. Since PhD they are paying for every damn thing so they expect something special
 Most US Universities. Like 70% at least and none of the top 30 or so offer terminal Masters in things like Physics Stats Physics etc
 On paper they don't take 3 years Bachelor's. But male exceptions. Most of them from Stephen's
 IISC is God level. For Math, they take the top 25, and no second round. If only one accepts, they'll only take that one.
 I think it's better to go for a straight PhD in these universities though, because you have to clear the eligibility for a PhD.
 No man. They are good at a distance. PhD in India at least chemistry takes 7-8 years. US does that in 5-5.5.
What if you want to quit midway? Integrated PhDs in India at places like IISc and IITB don't give you an exit plan
 You can quit PhD program in te US after 2 or 3 years and walk away with a masters
 and that's true for any integrate course. 
i would know,  if given the option I'd like to leave now 😂
 Yes basically you realise after 2 years that this is not the kind of research you want to do
 I was about to get into integrated shit at Amity, then pulled off 10 days before the programme commenced.
 Integrated Masters is still fine. 2 years extra of what you don't want to do. Integrated PhD is 5-6 years extra of what you don't want to do
 Im just using the extra year to get some papers published and some how improve pointer.
 @Panda - will be sitting for placements next sem. Hopefully want to get placed In my dream company
 Thinking of opening a chhole bhature shop in north campus. Bcg se zyaada Ka ctc jai
 I followed the herd once and did engineering cause I had no options. I shall follow the herd again and do an MBA cause I have no options.😂
 I was forced into engineering. After 3 months into it, I realized it's not my cup of tea. After 9 months into it, I am leaving.
 Always remember SRK words when I get gloomy looking at killer placement and master scenes of my seniors and think what am I doing with my life.
 He asked a girl to spend a night with him for 4k , coz "that's how much I like your body" ..😱😱😱
 This self taught singer-songwriter and multi instrumentalist from New York started using his more popular name ___ _____ from around 1959 because of a dream he had about Gandhi, India and social tolerance (sounds suspicious). What name, that you'd associate with something a little over 200 kms drive from the Indian national capital did he use?
 Has anyone read Captain Tsubasa? I'm still trying to get over the fact that they had Ronaldino go to Real Madrid.
 Dennis Evans was an Arsenal defender in the 1950s. Shortly after he heard the whistle blow in a game against Blackpool in December 1955, he did something which went down in footballing legend.
What?
 Martial law was imposed by the largely dictatorial communist regime in Poland in 1981. A local football club led the dissent, with their fans regularly chanting the slogan "Down with communism" at games. They had their moment when they played a European heavyweight in probably the most important game of the year. Thousands in the stadium began chanting the name of revolutionary trade unions, which had been banned under martial law. They lost the game, but the show of dissent ignited a struggle for democracy in the country, which paved the way to the collapse of communism and Poland's freedom in 1989. Name this local Polish club. Which game was this, and who did they play against?
 Lee Todd,  a Cross Farm Park Celtic striker, also did something after he heard the whistle 2000.
and that too put him in the record books. (he said something) 
what did he say,  I WANT THAT FOR FULL POINTS, and what had happened / what happened later. 
This was a sunday league game,  the  same record for a professional game is held by Guiseppe Lorenzo ifBologna.
 Ha-ha it's kind of workoutable from the Q. Get even one part of the name right and I'll give points.
 Matt Damon in The Departed while talking to a colleague says " Do you have some suits back home? Or do you always dress like you're going to ______ ______?" What strong speculation regarding a Harvard graduate Franz Sedgwick(who went back to Europe and was responsible for something infamous) does this dialogue refer to?
 A ridiculous move by the Indian Education System. AIPMT scraped off 3 days before the test. NEET to replace on the same day.
 Lee Todd,  a Cross Farm Park Celtic striker, also did something after he heard the whistle 2000.
and that too put him in the record books. (he said something) 
what did he say,  I WANT THAT FOR FULL POINTS, and what had happened / what happened later. 
This was a sunday league game,  the  same record for a professional game is held by Guiseppe Lorenzo ifBologna.
 he was standing right next to the ref when he blew for the start of the game
 A FIFA .com article reads “X,Football Legend” recounting the tales of how he established football clubs in as many as 3 cities and gave a fillip to football in a certain country which was still in its infancy.

However after returning to his home country, he discouraged his countrymen from playing football. Some people say he was also responsible for football losing out its position as the sport of choice when he moved away from the footballing hub of the country to one where an other sport was popular

ID X. Ask for hints if needed.
 Mr Sedgwick, if I got his name right, is supposed to have suggested the  design for the Nazi SS uniform based on the troopers
 Baseball has a crucial role in the conception of this song. This single by X, which topped the charts in more than 10 countries, was inspired by the sports team. 
X came up with the lyric after seeing a photograph of hall-of-famer George Brett wearing a team jersey in an issue of National Geographic. 
X told VH1: “[He was] this dude just signing baseballs … and his shirt said: ‘______’. It was just that word. It’s really cool.”
Give the song and the artist X.
 John Raynor said his family were planning to sit tight for a while, pay off a few bills and then decide what to do.
Travis Committie also planned to be smart and make a few investments.
Jamie Gough  thought he would put the money towards his mortgage.
Sunjay Ganda wants the biggest benefactors to be his two young children.

What is being talked about?
 The first name this band used came from what Winston Churchill referred to Italy as during WW2. The name we know this band by was taken from a poem by one of the band members. It was the name of an alien race which had assembled to secretly guide earth's history. In later interviews it was said to be an anagram of "Cully Stout Beer". They did a modification to their name due to the Wagnerian aspect of metal. This practice was followed by Motorhead, Motley crue and spinal tap too. Which band and what modification?
 Name the hashtag recently launched by John Oliver mocking the seating policy and comments regarding the same of a famous baseball team
 He gave tickets to people and they were sitting behind home plate dressed as Ninja Turtles
 In warm up to the famous 2005 Ashes, Australia faced Leicestershire for a three-day game before the series began. They were in a commanding position with Martyn, Ponting and Langer all scoring centuries. 
 Leicestershire had started the morning needing 365 to avoid an innings defeat after Australia declared on their overnight total off 582 for 7. However, X scored 209 off 219 balls, containing 32 fours and three sixes, and helped his team save the game. 
Who is X?
 Before lfc vs Nottingham forest at Hillsborough, the chief of police said something which exemplified his lack of understanding of football which was a major factor in the disaster.  What?
 X is probably his country’s (Y) greatest ever male tennis player. He became a national hero in Y after the Davis Cup 2004, when he helped his team reach the semifinals, where they lost to the United States. X was supposed to be the flag bearer of the Y national team for the official opening of the 2004 Olympics, but Y sport officials changed their minds.
X has won 10 grand slam titles in his career and also an Olympic gold.
Give X and his nationality Y.
 X was born in St.Petersburg to Nepalese father and a Russian mother. In 2002, he moved to Sapporo, Japan with his parents and lived there until 2008. Since February 2008, he and his family have been living in the country he represents internationally.
X speaks fluently Russian, English, _____ and a little Japanese and Nepalese. In school, he studied German. 
Identify X and give the country he represents.
 "It's not that I felt I had anything to prove. I just loved other sports and liked challenges. I started doing sprinting and fitness work, and ended up playing! I played professionally then semi-pro. I wasn't the best player by any stretch, but I was 100 per cent committed. In 2006 I decided to learn to ride motorbikes, and passed my test that year. By its end I was doing 180mph on the motorway and wheelies at 130mph on the dual carriageway.”

Which Olympic icon said the following words?
 The guy whose audio clip i uploaded on telegram 
So he wanted to ask a girl for her number, but instead of his phone took out his wallet and asked for "a number"
 This act earned him the nickname "Ulubatli Souness" after the Turkish hero who was killed after planting the Ottoman flag at the end of siege of Constantinople
 Year 2015. Marks the anniversary of these battles. Fill in the blanks
600th- ?
200th-?
100th-?
 Yup. The Band named Spirit (taken from the work shown) accusing led zep of copying the intro music of Stairway to heaven from their song Taurus.
 Who could kill you softly with her song and strum the pain with her fingers while she was at it?
 When Chelsea made their way to the Club World Cup in 2012, Fernando Torres credited a certain entity as the reason for him taking up football? What and how does it relate to where the Club World cup was being held that year?
 Sir Chris Hoy multiple time gold medal winner in Cycling once claimed in a interview its becuase of X, he was fascinated about cycling. He experienced X when he was the age of 6.
 Brioche is a pastry of French origin that is similar to a highly enriched bread, and whose high egg and butter content give it a rich and tender crumb. It is "light and slightly puffy, more or less fine, according to the proportion of butter and eggs."It has a dark, golden, and flaky crust, frequently accentuated by an egg wash applied after proofing.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, in his autobiography Confessions (published posthumously in 1782, but completed in 1769) also sugests this misleading story can be connected to this dish.
Put funda
 During the WWI soldiers were actually not intrested to use horses for a great extend and they used an alternative for carrying their stuffs. But this alternative back fired. But a solution was founded. Explain.
 During the WWI soldiers were actually not intrested to use horses for a great extend and they used an alternative for carrying their stuffs. But this alternative back fired. But a solution was founded. Explain.
 Mules and Donkeys were used.The problem was they tended to Bray at night easily revealing troop position to enemy. So the vocal cords were surgically removed.
 In his book he wrote ," My favorite thing to buy is underwear. I think buying underwear is the most personal thing you can do, and if you could watch a person buying underwear you would really get to know them. I mean, I would rather watch somebody buy their underwear than read a book they wrote. I think the strangest people are the ones who send someone else to buy their underwear for them. I also wonder about people who don't buy underwear. I can understand not wearing it, but not buying it?"
This is the "favourite" of which famous person in the world?
 What was invented in 1764 by James Hargreaves in Stanhill, Oswaldtwistle, Lancashire in England and named after his daughter.
 The X region forms the southwestern corner of France, bordering Spain and the Atlantic ocean. Bordeaux is its regional capital. Also, Henry II's famous wife was from here. So either name her or the region
 What expedition can alternatively be called the Spiridon and Gable expedition? This happens when I replace names of course
 10. This Indian place received its name from the fact that it is very suitable for the growth of the saplings of this flower.Which place
 Four years after the battle of Plassey, what monumental battle took place between the Maratha and Durrani empire? It was the trois battle in a famous series
 The name, Kohima, was officially given by the British as they could not pronounce the Angami name Kewhima or Kewhira (Tenyidie for "the land where the flower Kewhi grows")
 Which battle did Lord Arthur Wellesley, the Duke of Wellington consider his most difficult? Who were his opponents?
 Connect -  The location that was earlier known as Bharatpur Bird Sanctuary, the largest city in Madhya Pradesh, The capital of one of India's neighbouring countries.
 If monkeys, tigers, elephants, hippos, horses, armadillos and various others in their ilk decided to congregate in Rio de Janeiro during the festive season, which French musical genius would probably be there handling the proceedings? If you figure out the title of the work you may guess it right.
 In Vonnegut's Cat's Cradle what do people in the fictional island of San Lorenzo drink instead of alcohol to get drunk? #ExtremeKolstylz
 Why would it be impossible for platform 9 and three quarters to exist at King's Cross even if the Harry Potter world was real?
 when you wake up with wires strapped to you and high 5 your parents for the party last night
 William Friedkin had a shotgun with blank shells that he'd shoot off on the sound stage during breaks. It scared the daylights out of everybody, and after a few times he was asked to stop. The actors didn't find it funny. What was he doing?
 The Cat's Cradle is based around a fictional allotrope/catalyst of water named 'ice-nine' which acts a seeding crystal, that is when it comes in contact with any body of water it turns it into solid 'ice-nine' itself leaving no trace of liquid water and can be destructive. The idea was fabricated by a real Nobel Prize scientist himself (X) when he was working at General Electric in the 1930s. He was asked to come up with such a story to entertain a very popular science fiction writer Y who was visiting General Electric. Y eventually didn't like the idea and Vonnegut picked it up. X is perhaps one of the most popular names in physical/surface chemistry and it can't be said enough as to how popular Y is in his field and literature itself.
 Name the British painter well known for a large repertoire of paintings, ALMOST all of which were based on horses. #KolStylz
 Which famous painting has 5 versions, all with minor variations and have travelled to places like Chateau de Malmaison, Chateau de Charlottenburg,  National Residence of Invalids,  Belvedere Palace (Vienna), Museum Of the Versailles Palace among other places. While you're at it ,name the painter as well.
 NSIT prize money should have reached you guys by now... do check your bank accounts and let us know if you haven't received the money...
 I'll check once again with our admin today, sorry for the delay, last week I was told that the money had been sanctioned and the cash transfer started. Guess not. 

#sarkaricollege
 the above is the link to the music video of REM's iconic song "Losing My Religion" for reference
 my question is, which film director's influences can be observed to have heavily inspired this video. For bonus points, name the movie from which the "jar of milk falling" in the beginning is inspired.
 a psychic channeled Boris Pasterna,  told a young _________, "You will make seven films." "Only seven?" he asked. "But good ones," Pasternak assured him. -
 https
The song is Here with Me by the Killers. Name the 2 actors that play the lead parts, the obsessed guy and the star. Also name the film director who directed this music video. The visual imagery helps somewhat
 The lead guy became popular after playing the lead role in a 2010 movie. The actress is a well known name in cinema
 Can anyone tell me what Hans Christian Andersen work Instant Crush's music video is based on?
 httpsSticking with the theme.
Easy one for the heavyweights. Who directed this music video for RHCP. The upcoming director agreed to direct a music video as he knew Flea from one of his most well recognised works from the same year.
 https
Chalo last one. Getting too binary now. Identify the hot model having all the fun:p and the female dorector, daughter of a legendary director.
 Pissing se yaad aaya.. Which Who album had the band members peeing onto a monolith on the cover?
 Another FUQ. Where were most of the photographs for the houses of the holy artwork collage taken? Need the exact place name.
 Which fraternal band was said to have been named after a joint, which a friend said served the band's fondness for marijuana cigs?
 Which fraternal band was said to have been named after a joint, which a friend said served the band's fondness for marijuana cigs?
 What group gets its name from a penis after its ejaculated? (a)

And what group gets its name from the average ejaculation quantity in males? (b)
 The Spanish version of the Beatles’ classic 'Y’ is the norm but it was played out in English this one time as a tribute to their guests . Y and the funda
 This song is about the actual kidnapping of a 14-year-old girl. In 1987, she was returning from a concert in Tacoma, Washington when she was abducted by a man named Gerald Friend. He took her back to his mobile home and raped her. The girl, whose name was not released, was tortured with a whip, a razor, and a blowtorch. She managed to escape when Friend took her for a ride and stopped for gas. He was arrested and sent to jail.
 The title is from a song in the album Regatta de Blanc. That's a dead giveaway
 So it is a cocoa fruit ( cadbury  chocolate which all of u love) have a long history from the field to the people
 What tongue in cheek name did Barney Stinson gave to his two couple pigeons. The pigeons were named after Kurt Cobain and Courteney Love
 --- If happy birthday to you is the first song sung in space, what was the first song PLAYED in space
 Three concrete scenes are shown interspersed among the other images of the video. During the first verse, a child is shown witnessing his grandfather beating, and eventually killing, his grandmother, and running from their house in fear. During the second verse, a young teenage girl is pimped as a prostitute, and is initially purchased by the aforementioned abuser. Later, she is dragged into a van by a gang, after which she is picked up by paramedics, having been raped and beaten. During the coda of the song, a baby is snatched from his stroller by an older woman, with his mother running after the kidnapper's car.

Throughout the music video, various images of children running, or appearing with injuries from abuse, are shown. During the choruses, pictures of missing children would appear on the screen. After each picture was shown, their full name would appear in large capital letters on the screen, along with the year they had been "missing since...".
 In the movie Across the universe , Y the lead singer of Z in a cameo appearance played X on a bus. Give X,Y and Z. #kolstylz
 I should mention that the atmosphere and the song being played are iconic for being trippy.
 And that the movie Across the Universe is a movie with a lead character named Jude who's a kid from Liverpool whose story ( the movie) is told using Beatles songs
 did not know runaway train was about that. 
never paid attention 😂😂😂
Though it was about breaking free or sth. 
coming of age
 I heard it on the radio, but I thought it was about a single guy's self destructive hourney
 In the movie Across the universe , Y the lead singer of Z in a cameo appearance played X on a bus. Give X,Y and Z. #kolstylz
 I should mention that the atmosphere and the song being played are iconic for being trippy.
 And that the movie Across the Universe is a movie with a lead character named Jude who's a kid from Liverpool whose story ( the movie) is told using Beatles songs
 The first recorded use of the phrase "____ _____" was sung by Toots and the Maytals at the end of the song "In The Dark" on their album "Funky Kingston."

The music video, directed by Peter Sinclair,[8] was filmed at Desborough Island in Weybridge during the summer of 1983.

The video is set in Mississippi in 1870. It depicts a large group of people in late 1800s dress, including some dressed in red, gold, and green (as Boy George sings in the song). Boy George is dressed in what would be known as his signature look: colourful costume, fingerless gloves, long braids, and a black derby.

A pickpocket and jewellery thief is seen wandering through the crowd, stealing from unsuspecting folks. The band and other people board a riverboat, The Chameleon, as Boy George continues to sing. The thief is discovered cheating at cards, and is forced to return his ill-gotten gains and walk the plank at the points of ladies' parasols. As the video ends, day has turned to evening and the party continues on the boat as it cruises down the river.
 Napoleon’s Hundred Days—the period between his return from exile on March 20, 1815 to the restoration of the French monarchy on July 8—lasted 111 days.
The Hundred Years’ War lasted 116 years.
Garibaldi's 1000 Irregulars were actually 1089 in number, having set sail from Genoa to free Sicily from the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies in 1860
The Thousand Days’ War in the newly created Republic of Colombia lasted 1130 days
There are 1864 islands in the Thousand Islands archipelago.
 which song with upbeat tunes contrasting with dark lyrics about a homicidal schoolkid, has as its official video band members surfing and playing frisbee?
 Song was born when the Lead singer saw a newspaper article about a suicide which featured inane details like the temperature that day. This features in the music video too. ID band and the song.
 According to the composers of the song -- what is the first edm song to feature in a hindi movie
 Q. Which TV personality can one equate Kapoor with, in relation to this group and how he enjoys so much of footage and references in conversations?
 Regis Philbin. Holds the Guinness  world record for most time in front of a TV camera throughout his career
 John Carpenter the badass who phone a friended someone to tell them he knows the last answr and is going to win?
 What 18th century "insult" can be attributed to a certain gent less popularly known as François-Marie Arouet?
#MaybeKolStylz
 arre that's the thing na. It's established she never said it. Voltaire is considered to be the actual source, among others
 This is "this agglomeration which was called and which still calls itself the Holy Roman Empire was neither holy, nor Roman, nor an empire"
 Milan Matulovic was Yougoslav Chess Player who was always embroiled in controversies. 
His most notorious transgression was against István Bilek at the Sousse Interzonal in 1967. He played a losing move but then took it back instantly. His opponent complained to the arbiter but the move was allowed to stand. What nickname did Matulovic earn after this incident?
 Hint - It's related to a chess term which was in news because of Nakamura in the Candidates Tournament
 Closing it. The nickname he got was J'adoubovic after the term J'adoube which means I adjust
 What well known item also known by other names, derives this particular term from the fact that the ones used by Lady Margaret Boat Club of St. John's College, Cambridge were excessively bright and hot red in color and weren't easy on the eyes.
 Who will probably win two consecutive medals in the Premier League, without playing a single game for two seasons, if the premier league table remains as it is?
 2. The Story behind her popular name goes like thisThe name X was a childhood nickname that probably referred to her frolicsome nature; according to the colonist William Strachey, it meant "little wanton",some interpret the meaning as "playful one". The 18th-century historian William Stith claimed that "her real name, it seems, was originally Matoax, which the Indians carefully concealed from the English and changed it to X, out of a superstitious fear, lest they, by the knowledge of her true name, should be enabled to do her some hurt." According to the anthropologist Helen C. Rountree, X "revealed her secret nameto the English only after she had taken another religious—baptismal—name, Rebecca".Give me X
 In the upcoming Rio 2016 Olympics, which venue will be the farthest away from the Olympic Torch? Also what event? #TrickyDifficultStylzMaybe
 Well another stunner this group has thrown. Got Manaus and not Football.

Manaus is correct. The football tournament will make use of the WC 2014 stadiums.
Manaus is around 3000 kilometres away from Rio and takes a 4 hour flight
 It's a private matter. You want to have sex - good for you. If you don't want to have - good for you. Whatever floats your boat
 So this one time in our college residence. This bunch of guys got shit stoned and locked other room thinking it was their own room. Poor guy in the room was locked the whole day
 Soumya sir, no offence. But you will be a really content person if you start smoking weed
 Gerald and Sara Murphy were wealthy, expatriate Americans who moved to the French Riviera in the early 20th century and created a vibrant social circle, particularly in the 1920s, that included a great number of artists and writers of the Lost Generation. 
What did this couple serve as an inspiration for?
 The logo is a black tick-mark which also forms the first letter of their eight-letter name. The company makes its money by delivering something that they call Intelligent Infrastructure for use on the Web. 

Identify the company.
 Which cricketers name is made up of four people from myth/history (whichever side of the fence you're on)
 Q. What physical constant named after a high school science teacher is surprisingly one of the most accurately measured ones, correct upto 7 decimal places.
 Lol. Always she knew she was going to IIT. BC when I was in 12th Fiitjee she was in 11th and in the rankers batch for 12th
 Where was the battle between King Harold of England and the Norwegian Hadrada fought while Harold was on his way to Hastings?
 I'll tell you the whole thing too. So, some question about spandex being expands ka anagram. And since then, Talent(Sachin Deshpande) is called spandex cause he goofed it up.
 nhi yar, quiz ka theme dekh kr laga k semaphore twoer ke baad dak bungla hoga
 If there is an error in checking we never eliminate teams we have 9 instead of 8 or something
 Oh this is shit, I remember this happening in RBIQ North Zone Finals, they had to get off from the stage, think of this now.
 Happened at BITS 
8 team had to qualify 
2 missed on tie break
1 missed due to wrong checking 
Navin did the quiz with 11 teams.
 And at BITS India Quiz mein there were 10 teams to qualify, Navin was even surprised. I finished 9th in the prelims, 3rd in the finals, lonewolf.
 was at home, 2 din tk vapis nhi aa paya tha BC logo ne attendance bhi nhi di
 that BITS India quiz was so fucking amazing like 3 bar mere sath ye hua ki I was the last one on bounce, some teams answered parts of the answers and till it got to me all parts have been answered individually, and what I did was to pick up the right parts and get full points, rest got half.
 I was prepping for one month then exam ho gaya chilled at home for 1 more month
 Apratim, I used to think I was an adarsh liberal and then I went to California
 until last sem we were allowed 15% medicals and now there is no limit, and also the doc gives you medical without any inspection so medicals are submitted by asking what dates we were absent, collectively
 Well, actually our class has once pulled off a mass bunk, result teacher marked everyone absent.
 Sometime ago, I heard someone say नीली फुद्दी. I wonder if that person knew of Blue Waffle
 A girl in Kota committed suicide because she got 140 in JEE Mains, expected more. WTF?
 a man can also have a caste change by marrying off someone from the different caste, but there are certain complications in that
 Usually all working class were shudras before, who were later classified into what they are presently.
 Convert to other religion. That won't solve your purpose, but when there is a 'Ghar Wapasi' program in your area, join that and ask them to convert you back into Hinduism but with the caste of your 'choice'.
 I could have got into NIT actually, I cleared Mains, last year's advanced was out of bound of normal humans. +4/-2 on multi choice multi correct
 Lol. Why should I ? Doesn't matter shit. I was just telling what's the truth about Kayastha clan. 
Faggot Namunay
 Yes why should it be even talked about? Let alone be considered for any decision making
 also,  btw
our attendance scene is very veey fucked kapoor,  
its not just. 75%
its graded.
 They combined credits for lab earlier this year,  
so lab isnt a separate sub now
heat tranfer of 4 credits say,  jas 1 credit of lab
 lots of people who detest chemistry end up in decent but not amazing departments here and do very well for themselves
 i got a higher chem score than most of my batch in my jee,  
if only physics wasnt a surprise 😀
 Was careless enough to take the mask off for a while. Couldn't open my eyes the next day.
 Yes. Also you can wear the mask and go all Jason on the examiner with the chain saw
 they sorta just give it to us, it's not wearable as such, we're supposed to hold it in front of our faces
 Why would you not wear a mask. It's literally the most important instruction you should follow.
 Yes. And had you gone to our infirminmary. The nurse would've given paracetamol for your temporary blindness
 guys ive had accidents,  
and i can tell you with experience 

two eyes are not THAT much better than one
 college hospital is even better. got into an accident in college, got stitches in college - so bad, next day i went to another hospital got those removed, got fresh stitiches AGAIN
 "nurse" who put stitches on me was celebrating when she did. another guy in the hospital (to her) - "arrey wah, tu to expert ho gayi" - im on a strecher like WTF
 My blacksmithy job sucked. I was the only boy in a group of three. Had to do all the work 😓
 #Latepost
This year the OBC cut off for RBI was lower than the SC cutoff. Food for thought.
 Basically seats for SC are only a handful in number. This pushes it higher in select exams where the level of difference in categories is miniscule.
 Especially sarkari jobs exams where kids of all categories are children of / related to sarkari officials themselves
 we need to stop believing that sexting is a taboo - LallanTop - News with most viral and Social Shar http Do they pluck out hairs and clean it and then add it or it just falls in it?
 No they do add. The mess workers at AIIMS boys hostel are mostly Oriya and some boys have discovered curly hairs in their tea or lassi. 😔
 I've had yet another all nighter, and its hard for me to detect sarcasm so I shall let this one pass.😂
 "Jaaaaaaa! 5 seconds on the pitch,five seconds....X! .. The brothers Grimm are turning in their grave, these are incredible stories!" Who is X and what is being described?
 This football player is widely regarded as the best player in the World. He holds the Premier League record for the second fastest goal by a substitute. His hattrick in the UEFA Champions League was only the third by his team(the other two being club legends).

Who is this player?
 I shall add another coin to the Sowmya Rao Jar and say "Bring back the WAGs!"
 When you are not good enough to make it above the rest, blame patriarchy, manuwad, Brahminical forces.
 Have him in my friend list with a few quizzer mutual friends. Shares really great content.  Freshly brewed beer is the best. Especially in Chandigarh. And they don't even charge extravagant taxes
 If anyone has the chance, tryout the wheat beer at Punjabi by Nature in sector 29, Gurgaon.
 What two word term is exemplified by this cartoon, something that throughout the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries in America has been used as an excuse for Indian removal, annexing Texas etc
 It basically means that it was written in history that America had to stretch from the Atlantic to the pacific coast.
 I was about to say where Jesus walked on water but realised that was the sea of Galilee
 The Domesday book was a great survey book published in 1086. It dealt with almost all parts of administrative, judicial, land and tax records of the place it was associated with. Who ordered it published, and why could he not enjoy reading this magnificent book?
 On the buzzer (just like the QB xD)

The expression comes from a tradition of the second largest island in the Mediterranean sea . 
On this island it was customary to kill old people. While killing their old people, the inhabitants laughed loudly, thus giving rise to the expression.
What expression?
 Ques3 What makes collection of Dijbouti , eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia famous in the world ?
 There are five separate versions of it. 
The first two, from 1893 and created with tempera and crayon on cardboard, are located in the National Gallery in Oslo and the Munch Museum, respectively. 
A privately owned third version created in 1895 is the reason why we know it. 
A 1895 version is a black and white lithograph. A final version was done in 1910 by due to the popularity of the previous incarnations.
What are we talking about?
 Apache tears are rounded nodules of a mineral with diameter from about 0.5 to 5 cm. They look opaque by reflected light, but translucent when held up to light.

Which mineral, which plays a very important role in a fictional universe (that is in the news this time of the year) as well as in real history, are Apache Tears made of?
 But Keventers gives Shake Square ke glasses for take away. And MoI mein they say CP ka mashoor milk bottle vaala
 Qn

On 27 May 1942 Jan Kubiš threw a bomb into his car. A week later he died of sepsis, caused by bacteria and toxins (from seat upholstery fragments and horsehair blown into his body). Who was, thus, the only senior Nazi figure assassinated by the Allies in WWII, who also meets the same fate (assassination) in a recent re-imagining?
 I remember our school used to send us to coq according to group a time. And we were in group c. Used to spend our time in nirulas
 Apparently the Shake Square in CP was the original Keventers. They have the whole history on a board there. Some copyright issues, and they had to give up the Keventers name. And these new Keventers people are riding on famecthat old CP place acquired or something.
Darshan told me about it the other day
 Shannon Airport is one of Irelands 3 major airports. 
During the mid 1900s it became quite a busy airport owing to it becoming a refueling stop before and after trans-atlantic flights. 
What world first,which happened in 1947, can be attributed to Shannon Airport
 The first duty free shop is correct. 
Brendan O'Regan is credited with the idea Duty Free shops which came to him when he was catering comptroller at Shannon
 Anybody knows where can I get my hard drive recased? I fear itne documents ud na jaye
 AB Bofors, manufacturers of the 155mm Field Howitzer started of as innocent iron and steel works company, and remained so for around 200 years, manufacturing small arms at best. 
This all changed when yhe company was purchased by a famous man who reshaped the company and controlled it till his death. 
Who. 
#bizFundaOffload
 The lyrics of this ballad seems to have similarities with the Scottish ballad The Elfin Knight. The refrain of this ballad as we know it now developed during the 19th century as follows1.Sober and grave grows merry in time.
2.Every rose grows merry with time.
3.There's never a rose grows fairer with time.

What the above resulted in is also the name of the 1966 album from which we know the most famous version of this ballad. ID.
 1966 toh either Pet sounds ya Sgt Peppers hona chahiye.. Those were close together in mid-late 60s
 When John Cochrane had beaten everyone he played except his protégé, he came to India in search of a worthy opponent. In the suburbs of a city he found a 50 year old veteran who came to be known as 'The Brahmin' who was unbeaten till then. Cochrane won the first match but we impressed and in the 1855 match between them The Brahmin used a tactic that came into the world's attention in a 1922 match. Who was the Brahmin and what strategy did he use for the first time in 1855?
 There are loads of defences named after players. I distinctly remeber reading about the Indian Defence though.
 It's Moheshchunder Bannerjee. He played the Grunfeld Defence in 1855. Grunfeld after whom it was named was born only in 1893
 Actually the reason he did not sign was that the King was not supposed to sign.
 Like other medieval royal charters, Magna Carta was authenticated with the Great Seal, not by the signature of the king. - See more at It was a great moment for Spencer Gilbert & Dan Murrell , writers of X who met Joe and Anthony Russo , who were promoting Civil War. One of the facts that the Russo brothers brought up was that all the month sthey used to create their scripts for Civil War and Infinity War Pt 1 & 2, they'd make sure that there were no lapses in it and that it'll be totally 100% X -proof.
Id X
 If u were in Delhi u would be so embarrassed u wouldn't even be able to come to any quiz in Delhi
 In july 1656, the 23-year-old X was excommunicated from the Portuguese-Jewish congregation of Amsterdam. It was the harshest punishment of herem (ban) ever issued by that community. The extant document, a lengthy and vitriolic diatribe, refers to the young man’s ‘abominable heresies’ and ‘monstrous deeds’. The leaders of the community, having consulted with the rabbis and using X's Hebrew name, proclaim that they hereby ‘expel, excommunicate, curse, and damn X'. He is to be ‘cast out from all the tribes of Israel’ and his name is to be ‘blotted out from under heaven’.

Over the centuries, there have been periodic calls for the herem against X to be lifted. Even David Ben-Gurion, when he was prime minister of Israel, issued a public plea for ‘amending the injustice’ done to X by the Amsterdam Portuguese community. It was not until early 2012, however, that the Amsterdam congregation, at the insistence of one of its members, formally took up the question of whether it was time to rehabilitate X and welcome him back into the congregation that had expelled him with such prejudice. 
 Gerard Departeu was nominated for Best actor 2014 at the Oscars, for playing whom in "United Passions"?
 The symbol of a black guy with a white Bandana featured prominently in Tamasha ( airing Abhi). It is officially used by two entities. If one of them is Corsica which is the other? #uc
 Priyash Trivedi was unknowingly sitting on a viral bomb that exploded on the internet after he put up the second illustration in '14– the one where the kid passes a joint to his sapped father, and the father delightfully accepts. “I didn’t think back then that I would create a series out of it,” he says, “In fact, I never imagined that it would have the kind of mass appeal that it has now.”

What did Trivedi create?
 Connect 3M, American Apparel, BASF, Blaupunkt, BMW, General Motors, J. C. Penney, Jeep, Kawasaki, Knoll, Lufthansa, Motorola, Nestlé, Panasonic, Philippine Airlines, Sears, Skype, Target, Tupperware, and Verizon to the greatest creation of the Haas'sche Schriftgiesserei.
 Chiddy Bang frequently samples indie/alternative music in his songs. Which song did he sample in his song "Opposite to Adults"? #easyifyouknowit
 The second single from the debut EP of this duo, known for an "narcissistic" first single is a song that is one letter off from the moniker of American singer Elizabeth Roze Mencel, who wrote and sung the song. Song/duo/moniker for full points.
 Connect
506th infantry regiment of a particular division
Cherooke
A mountain in stephens county of georgia(country)
A book by Donald Burgett based on real accounts and set up in Normandy
 Question

What word of Spanish roots is used in the North America to refer to a horse that is feral, untamed and habitually bucks, that is, lowering its head and raising its hindquarters into the air, to unseat its rider?
 Kya sir Quiz mein toh sahi bola tha :P
Bronco it is
As in Denver Broncos :p
 Qn

In Greek myth the Muses are the goddesses of the inspiration of literature, science, and the arts, and are the daughters of Zeus and Mnemosyne, the Greek personification of Memory. However, what should you be competing in if you wanted to win an engraved glass bowl designed by Denis Mann, depicting them, making it an apt prize.
 Qn

The following systems are the alternatives to what widley used system, devised by a Flemish guy in the 1500s:
 Miller, Gall Peters, Plate Carrée, Behrmann, and Lambert?
 Kapoor gets it These are the sub-types of cylindrical map projections, most common being Mercator (also the one most widely used)
 Probably more famous for its rapid vocal delivery than the references to the Crucifixtion of Christ, which 2001 signature work of an Armenian group is this?
 Armenian-American. But the American in the clue is a reference to the work itself, not the group  Follow up question - most newspapers and magazines use corrigendum to announce corrections, but what term does WIRED magazine use to announce corrigendums?
 Follow up question - most newspapers and magazines use corrigendum to announce corrections, but what term does WIRED magazine use to announce corrigendums?
 Qn

What is the name given to the Scottish variant of a two-handed sword, which in Gaelic is a direct translation of great sword.
The name is also used for a common anti-personnel weapon one comes across in a lot of FPSs.
 Qn

Called Jerusalem of West due to the high Jewish population living there before WW2, what city today has a football club whose nickname Der Jooden, means The Jews?
 Qn

______ Palace Imperial School, took its name from the nearby Geonese citadel, located in Beyoğlu (Pera) district of the city. Thus, the modern day entity's name literally means ______ Palace, but is a compound word, pronounced with a brief pause between the two. What name?
 Class of 92 owned Salford City just got promoted to the sixth tier of English Football. Which local rivals will they now be facing in the league next year?
 FUQ
What European city shares its etymology with Galatasaray. The Turkish word meaning palace features in the name, and the city's name itself means the grounds outside the palace?
 A certain club which came second in its league in 1928-29 season is making waves again. 
Id the club
 Kautilya's अर्थशास्त्र begins with tributes to two gurus. One is Vrihaspati, the guru of the Gods. Who is the other guru?
 There are only three cricketers who have scored a century and taken a 10-wicket haul in the same test match.

Two of them are Ian Botham and Imran Khan. Who is the third?
 During the last day of the third India-Australia match in the most recent series, when Ravindra Jadeja came in to bowl, M S Dhoni was heard advising him, “______ _____ waali ball daal”. 
Commentator Sunil Gavaskar got the hint and explained that the reference was to the popular serial and that the India captain was probably asking Jadeja to bowl a delivery that spins the other way. 

Fill in the blanks.
 This stadium has seen only one Test match played, which was in 1990 and 5 ODIs, which includes one game between Australia and New Zealand in the 1987 World Cup. 
The last international game played here was an India vs Australia ODI in 2007.
A famous stadium, situated 10 km away from the first one, was built in 1993, and since then this stadium has been out of use, until the ODI in 2007.
Which stadium/city am I talking about?
 In the Mahabharata, we come across three disciples of Parshuram Ji. Who are the two other than Karna?
 He made his test debut vs Pakistan in 1989, which also happened to be Sachin Tendulkar’s test debut. Sadly, that remains his only cricketing claim to fame.
He is better known for his on-screen performances in films and TV shows. He made his debut in 2000 in the film Kurukshetra, and has featured in popular shows like ‘Ssshhhh...Koi Hai’ and ‘C.I.D. Special Bureau’ and also was a contestant in the first season of Bigg Boss.  
Identify him.
 In 2008, this team beat England by 10 wickets in a one-off T20 match, played in Antigua, in a match which goes down as one of the most infamous in recent history.
The playing XI was Chris Gayle, Andre Fletcher, R Sarwan, S Chanderpaul, S Joseph, K Pollard, Darren Sammy, S Benn, J Taylor, Dave Mohammed and Daren Powell.
What was the name of the team?
 The first and last ODIs to be played at the Jawahar Lal Nehru Stadium in Delhi featured India playing Australia and South Africa in 1984 and 1991, respectively.
There were 4 players, who played both the games. Three of them are Kapil Dev, Ravi Shastri and Dilip Vengsarkar.

Who is the fourth?
 Connect
Oppenheimer, Khrushchev, a deadly toy and Mr Reagan to a certain policeman's belief in whether a particular country's people love their children.
 In a 40 over match between India and Pakistan in 1984, Dilip Vengasarkar was batting on 94 not out, and then the match was suspended for a unique reason!!! 

What was the reason?
 Mario Zagallo (1958/1962  and 1970) and Franz Beckenbauer (1974 and 1990) are the only two people to achieve this particular feat in football.
There is only one cricket equivalent to them, who achieved this feat in 1987 and 1999.

Identify him.
 The Russian empire brought in prohibition in the pre World War 1 time. The public health situation improved dramatically and productivity too increased. The unexpected losers of the prohibition were medical colleges. How?
 The Russian empire brought in prohibition in the pre World War 1 time. The public health situation improved dramatically and productivity too increased. The unexpected losers of the prohibition were medical colleges. How?
 This Biblical character appears in the Gospel of John as a resident of a town called Bethany. He is the subject of a miracle by Jesus. Who is the guy?
 Which two word phrase is associated with Lazarus' death that has a certain claim to fame w.r.t. The Bible?
 In 2005, Vikram Solanki took field against Australia in an ODI and in the process created history? 
What did he do
 In the infamous lord's test of 1974,India crashes to 42 all out. Who was the only batsman with double digit score ?
 Haan, he was there at Mod Quiz 2015 😛
I attended that before my preboards. And he was too rude while conducting
 Is there any other entrance which is more suitable for getting to SAC tomorrow? Or the SDA main gate only?
 JNU wala is the one which is the School of Physical Sciences wala if I'm correct
 Which African country can be covered in thirty mins? A car ride from Northern tip to southern tip is 20 ish miles.
 Haha good question. My sleep cycle is fucked up. Will feel sleepy in an hour or so
 As the story of a famous tiff goes. One of the 2 people at the centre of it said that this was the only time he had seen the other person angry, so angry that he ended up calling him a 'rat', the most vicious word he could think of which tells about the abuser's meak and gentlemanly personality?
 Not Clapton.
Hint: involves a legendary musician and a non-musician, a heavyweight from another field though still attached to music.
 Closing. Lou Reed and Andy Warhol. When Warhol was fired by Reed and Velvet Undeground, Warhol got so angry that he ended up calling Reed a rat.
 When the group was being signed by Def Jam in '86, the members had a hard time explaining what X actually did as the 'Hypeman' of the group. In the end, Carlton Ridehour made it explicitly clear that they won't sign without X. The rest is history. Which group and hypeman
 Atleast according to darshans clue of - X is known for popularising the role of hypeman in rap groups
 Valdemar De Brito made history when he became the first player at a World Cup to miss a penalty kick after Spanish GK Ricardo Zamora deflected the ball with both fists, in the first round of the 1934 WC, which ultimately led to Brazil being knocked out. It was only decades later that he would be forgiven for this because of a certain action. What?
 Ques 9Us based X owns Chiron Behring Pvt Ltd. X's mergers spans count it's parents span of 250 yrs
Identify X
 X's recent spell in the spotlight started with the discovery of the battle-scarred skeleton of long reviled king Richard III under a parking lot in the city in 2012. Scientific sleuthing, including radiocarbon dating and DNA tests, confirmed the remains remains belonged to the long-lost king, who died at the battle of Bosworth, near X, in 1485.
 I came in with X , it is coming again and I expect to go out with it. It will be the greatest disappointment of my life if I don't go out with it. Almighty has said no doubt "now here  are  these two unaccountable freaks they came in together and must go out together "
 Following Axl Rose's appointment as AC/DC's new frontman, where has Metallica singer James Hetfield signed up as the lead role?
 Lazy framing, I know. Sorry. But you can say he pulled a Kevin Spacey of sorts.
 Killed in a drive by while standing through the sunroof, this person had a unique funeral, his friends mixing his ash in weed and smoking up as tribute. Who?
 Apart from Tupac only 50 Cent was an active gangster turned rapper who got shot afaik
 "When he was alive, he liked a joint. In death, he was enjoyed as a joint"
 And let me continue, don't insult my admiration for Nirvana/ Kurt Cobain by putting these as a first attempt to every music question I put up
 Despite popular belief, X has nothing to do with better hygiene. X was popularized by Gynaecologists and obstetricians as an anti masturbation measure. Around the first world war, many 20yo people who had enrolled in the Military were made to undergo this procedure in the name of protection against veneral diseases. What am I taking about?
 No wonder there was so much hostility and warfare in early times. People were so frustrated because they couldn't beat the meat 😜
 A class friend of mine showed me an entire blog post by a guy who was "suffering" from harmful effects of jerking off too much, on his mobile during school
 In Poland, X is followed 2 days later by Constitution Day. These two combined are known as Majowka, and mark a long weekend wherein poles usually go travelling. X also marks the start of the Polish Barbeque season.
What are we talking about?
 Didn't like it a lot actually. Just contextual to the harmful effects of jerking off xD
 No need a brand name. Atleast this is what it sounded to me as well when I hadn't looked the lyrics up
 Back in 1998, X decided to offer Bill Clinton's grand jury testimony in the Lewinsky scandal to people , but the duplicating house mixed up the order and sent people a bunch of hardcore Chinese cornography instead
 Straight from my Financial Services paper, JH Whitney was an early venture capital firm. Became quite successful later as another company, or was the story behind a vv famous brand. Think juice. Id the brand. Vvvkolstylz
 The trivia is, it's famous plant and park is located pretty close to Houston. So, many times you have NASA celebrating its nights at the X park
 And it sources it's stuff from Bradenton, Florida mostly. And most tennis players playing in the Bollitieri Academy end up saying stuff like that the smell was so hardcore, that they can never look at a bottle of X, the same way again
 So, among other things, Elvis was a huge collector of some things. He sourced it from different places like fire departments, police stations, even got one from the army some people say. His desire for another from the Department of Narcotics got him to contact Nixon and try to help out in the battle on drugs. What did he collect? Or want alternatively?
 Recently scientists have created nano thermometers which are about 20,000 times smaller than a human hair. This is a groundbreaking invention of sorts as it can help measure temperatures at nano scale. What do.these thermometers use instead of say Mercury or Alcohol as the temperature indicating substance?
 The Remington new model army was a pretty famous gun used during the Civil War. The civil war created a huge demand for guns, and as a result, apart from the original biggies like Colt, Winchester etc. Yiu had new cos like Remington coming into the fray. The best part about the Remington New Model army was that yiu could preload about almost double the bullets you could with a colt. It was also, the most popular .44 in the civil war. Another reason for its popularity, was it's price. It was priced at 15 dollars to a Colts 25. Although it was difficult to operate a Remington new Model army, X used it quite easily in Y, which is the main reason why you would have heard of the Remington New Model Army. Where was it used or id Y? Same thing
 I think we all know about Bryan Cranston's extensive voice and costumed acting in Mighty Morphin Power Rangers. My question is how did the show pay its respect to Bryan's contribution?
 >I think we all know about Bryan Cranston's extensive voice and costumed acting in Mighty Morphin Power Rangers
 Cranston ne animated Ramayana mein Raavan ki voice acting ki thi ye to pta hi hoga?
 What I meant was they restylized the logo as PoWEr RaNGErS 
Polonium Tungsten Erbium Radium Nitrogen Erbium Sulphur
 They named the Blue Ranger Billy Cranston. No that's not a coincidence they intentionally did that
 Although the song is originally about the relationship between Nixon's daughter and Eisenhower's son. 

In 2004, John Kerry unwittingly and without any research  ( clearly not a quizzer) chose this rock and roll number to take a dig on George W Bush's smooth. ways as a result of having a former president for a father and a senator for a grandfather and having never experienced war first hand as Kerry did. 

The song name is pretty derivable, the band name is also required.
 how did you work it out? and what made you go for soldier of fortune after that? lol
 What did frank Calvert supposedly do seven years before a certain German, for which he claims he never got due credit? A mound at Hisarlik may serve as a hint.
 How do we better know the son of a Scottish father, Andrew ____, of Glencoe, and a Swiss mother, Monique Delacroix, of the Canton de Vaud. 
 Q) According to some source this phrase is originated from the tax levied by British Government in 1200s to combat the drunkenness. The tax applied only to houses in urban areas or on open, cultivated land. So to avoid these tax people used to go to the thick forests to drink. Which phrase ?
 I am pretty sure 1/d12 is something related to one day of a month or 12 days
 Obama used the song's chorus as his entry music (before he took the podium) at WHCD 16
 Qn

What is the term, in French, for a wine that has been bought to 25°C? #MaybeKolStylz
 Gregory Peck was supposed to be the first guest of honor, but due to a flight delay he could not reach on time and missed the ceremony. Initially named The Clares, what am I talking about?
 Or it some famous ass director who made tonnes of  movies and many won an award?
 So, Edgar Bergen was a vvv famous person known for his character Charles McCarthy from the Charles McCarthy show and was quite decent on the radio. However, he was most famous as a ventriloquist and a puppeteer of sorts. What's his claim to fame wrt the oscars?
 Who are technically the only two people with the same name to win the Filmfare for best actor?
 we have electives and a flexible credit system. i have done very little textile this last year
 Pliss does anyone know how to adjust a yearly interest rate into a monthly with the original present value annuity factor?
 the greatest thing i say i have achieved is learned to play hockey due to an elective
 we have electives too,  only i dont have enough free credits to devote to other shit. courtesy dual and all.
 hmm,  i never thought id say this,  considering the line im in. 

but ravtej what you're saying,  is how they say,  rocket science to me.
 I'll need to revise for a bit, but i am too busy with this theatre shit
 Yeh haraami saala apna method bna ke examples main use karta hai aur btata bhi nhi hai ke method kya hai
 So, normally, when you want to adjust a 20% interest rate for monthly periods for 3 years, you'd divide 20/12, and then yiu take that as the interest rate and 36 periods as the compounding time. This fgt has taken 20% as the interest rate and 3 years as the time frame, and multiplied by another factor which is 1/d^(12)
 So it's in some books and it's  bothering you? Otherwise you know how to do it
 jab mujhe kuchh samajh nahi aa raha hota, furssat nahi hoti exams ke time parwah karne ki  Our exams are held over a span of 6 days. I have 6 exams in 6 days.  Kapoor never studied the entire sem. And couldn't afford to pick up standard foreign authors 1 or 2 days before an exam so had to buy these cheap photocopied local stuff that only contains stuff relevant to exams
 i remember 1/3rd of my 1st year course had this lol. Carbons with 5/6 bonds.. matlab wtf
 They didn't have a teacher who knew the new llp act, toh purana padha diya xD
 I meant these books that I had to study from
 Made up stuff that didn't even exist. Sarcastic Nobel Prize
 A few. One financial mgmt, one marketing mgmt, 5/6 lit courses - Modernism, Theatre of the Absurd, etc etc; an Introduction to eco course
 here it is very prof driven - they can make a course v chill or screw you bad
 Yesterday
After two weeks or so I slept in night
Mera room partner subah 4 bje utha dia -_-
 arrey, that's my point. they probably distribute workload and syllabus over 7 accordingly. Here ~3 CS subjects a sem is v difficult - you literally cant do shit all sem. So CS people regulate workload by taking/dropping subjects accordingly
 I have only done intro - idk, not talking from personal experience, but that of friends  Environmental engineering sounded cool to Me -.- 
The one with most real life application out of all these
 You've a kickass humanities department from what I know. 
Met someone doing a PhD in Linguistics from there. Had read Camus in French etc. Really cool.
 Badly done course about air/water/noise pollution and shit. imagine school ke zaamane waale bakwaas, just add more scientific jargon and shit
 Do you think you guys are better than top humanities faculties in DU? Stephens, Hindu etc?
 Did anyone read about Radiohead disappearing from everywhere and mailing fans cryptic leaflets? Dem album promotion tactics.
 But on the overall, it's nice to see that I'm not the only one whose procrastinating the studying
 Haha. It goes overboard sometimes. I remember starting CTL at 1 am, the night before the exam.
 Ban! 

My id has been banned for 72 hours from FB! No posts, likes, comments! :(
 Atleast with him banned would allow you guys to have an actual shot at decent football.  I have a friend who sleeps fucking 15 hours a day during exams. I ask him this question all the time.
 actually in the end sems of sem 1 I used to study from 9 am onwards when exam started at 10. 
I got 7.8 gpa good enough for me
 I know dozens of people who say they study the day before the exam, but secretly everyone does their schizz.
 Like I've woken the fucker up at 9 am for a 2 PM exam, and then this idiot decides to sleep two more hours. Wakes up and just reads through the 3/4ths of the syllabus he hadnt touched, ends up with a 60%
 I think being annoying is mandatory additional package when you have an eidetic memory. I know someone too.
 Like it's really fascinating to see it in action, cause you can tell they're reciting something verbatim, but then when they need to wrap their mind around something you want to bash your own head in by the end.
 Haha. My dad can do phone numbers. He doesn't have a contacts list on his phone.
 The putting together is possible only if you have a fair bit of memory induced knowledge no?
 Yuss, that actually does make sense, in the sense, if they see a name, they know who the person was but they can't figure out another trivia close by.
 Yeah but it works differently for different people also, no? Like I've read that for some people it relies on their actually understanding a text for them to be able to memorize it.
 What was the Richard Feynman book called which had 4 lectures on the subject which Feynman gave at UCLA for normal people to understand and appreciate the subject?
 Actually I was going to use the word chariot fir socha chariots bs wars m use hote the
 Y'all remember why when they find the bodies buried in Pompeii and discovered they all had perfect teeth
 It was because of the Fluoride that seeped into their water supply because of the nearby active volcano
 If I use a Dog Whistle on a Police Dog, is it considered assault on a Policeman?
 guys,  for the nth fucking time. keep your spoilers to yourself. 
im a vengeful motherfucker,  and my flatmate has seen every show you have EVER wanted to watch -  do not tempt me to spoil them all.
 Why would GRRM send her back? Maybe to give beauty tips to the oafs of Nights watch.
 what happened to the entire storyline about late stoneheart or whatever. Lady stark back to life etc,  i thought season 3 mein hoga woh.
 What was the name of the monthly children's magazine first published by Upendrakishore Raychowdhury and subsequently edited by his son Satyajit Ray. The magazine shares its name with a currently running Gujrati newspaper.
 Connect
Hungary 
Ukraine 
Moldova 
Lithuania 
Romania 
Bulgaria 
Serbia 
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Croatia 
Macedonia 

And one Asian country.
 Connect
Hungary 
Ukraine 
Moldova 
Lithuania 
Romania 
Bulgaria 
Serbia 
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Croatia 
Macedonia 

And one Asian country (Japan)
 Q. Which is the only country having a head of state who is democratically elected by the people of another country?
 James Miranda Stuart Barry (c. 1789-1799 – 25 July
1865), was a military
surgeon in the British Army . After graduation from the
University of Edinburgh Medical School, Barry served in
India and Cape Town , South Africa . By the end of his
career, he had risen to the rank of Inspector General in
charge of military hospitals . In his travels he not only
improved conditions for wounded soldiers, but also the
conditions of the native inhabitants. Among his
accomplishments was the first caesarean section in
Africa by a British surgeon in which both the mother
and child survived the operation.

Through something controversial that came to light only after he was dead (which was kept a secret for long) he became the holder of a special British record (the 1st. ......) that  we erroneously attribute to Elizabeth Garrett Anderson.He preceeded Elizabeth by 50 Years as far as the record was concerned

PUT FUNDA
 Which is the only country to have won medals at the Winter Olympics but none at the Summer Olympics?
 One of few remaining such lanes (in Sydney, Australia), the ____ _____ tapers as it goes downhill until it's less than a metre wide (hence the name, which is also a pun on the word 'sewers'). Constructed in the 1840s, it was notorious as a lurking point for members of the Rocks Push, a street gang that relieved many a drunk of their wallet in the latter part of the 19th century.
 Anthony Nesty is a former competition Swimmer who won the Olympic gold medal in the 100-metre butterfly event in 1988. Nesty is the only Olympic medal winner for his country. Name the country.
 Identify the books
1. During a siege, an arrogant, yet powerful warrior refuses to fight over a stolen woman, changes his mind after friend is killed.

2. Angsty Danish prince broods, seemingly goes crazy, and kills many, including his uncle, who had killed his father and married his mother.

3. Ambitious, yet misled, science student creates own human from cadavers, then abandons creation, who summarily kills everyone in creator’s life.

4. Beautiful woman cheats on husband with dashing young military type, then after he moves on, throws self in front of train.

5. Pensive boy grows up in Ireland, considers becoming priest, reconsiders after enjoying sex, becomes writer.
 Identify the books


1. Spunky young orphan is saved from poverty through the generosity of a mysterious benefactor, seeks the love of a cold, yet striking, girl he had played with as a boy.




2. Four Russian argue about the meaning of life and women, and one among them murders their lusty, yet liquid, father.




3. Rich dude tries to retire by giving land away to his three daughters, who then cast him out, homeless and penniless, into a heath; chaos and much death ensue.



4. Orphan falls in love with employer while working as governess to his ward, but it turns out he’s got a crazy wife locked in the attic.
 Even in the First Battle of Panipat, Babar had a very small army as compared to the Lodis.
 When you are near your home, two guys get on the bus to rob people and accidentally shoot you. They rush you to the hospital but there are no doctors and no gloves, bandages, not even alcohol, to treat you, so they rush you to another hospital and it's the same story, while they are taking you to the third hospital you bleed to death in the ambulance.
You died and your wife has to find a new husband because she alone can't support your 2 kids, and marries an abusive guy who hits your children and verbally abuse them. You mom need surgery but she can't afford it, and in the hospital they tell her she has to get government help, she makes like 100 letters and takes them everywhere but the government has no money and they can't help her, 3 days after she died some squatters got into her house and declared it a "comunal center for single mothers" so the police won't evict them, your mom is buried on a shallow grave because when you died you stopped paying for funeral services and insurance.
Oh and the guys who shot you, also shot 2 more people in that bus, and they are never going to catch them because police in ___________ is a joke.
That's a normal couple of days for ____________.



Reddit Rant about the Economic status of which place?
 Very simple one. Who said this 
"The joy of seeing Yuri Gagarin flying in space is only superseded by the joy of a good penalty save."
 So, the Ayubbids went up against the Kingdom of Jerusalem, county of Tripoli, Antioch, Knights Templar, Knights Hospetalliers and the order of which saint?
 Interestingly, enough it has an etymology also coming from the quarantine stations used for leprosy fgts
 I guessed Egypt cause I felt Israel would have been too obvious, same for you maybe
 The movie is set in 13th century. The scots started wearing kilts only in the 17th century.
 Who gets his name from a Scottish chieftain, Robert the X, and an American revolutionary general Mad Anthony Y? Combine XY to get a fairly popular name
 Easy one, Nothing is an absolute reality, all is permitted. This is maxim of Alamut. It inspired what?
 The Battle of Actium, which Tiberius and the allied Roman forces won, was against whose army?
 On 13th March, The CW renewed their entire current lineup, with every scripted series they've ran in the current TV season so far securing a pickup for another year. The network handed out 11 renewals in total. 
It's worth noting that with X hitting Season 12, it will finally pass 7th Heaven as the series to originate on the long-gone WB network to reach the most episodes, as the show will hit episode 250 and beyond next season.

Id X
 Which Zionist paramilitary organisation was known for its more belligerent attitude and is famous for bombing the King David Hotel in Jerusalem?
 The Battle of Actium, which Tiberius and the allied Roman forces won, was against whose army?
 THE BACKSTORYTHE TRUTH: “The hermit” was merely inspired by a figure from a Tarot card. Page played the role of the Hermit during a fantasy sequence in Zeppelin’s 1976 movie, The Song Remains the Same.
 Plant has confirmed that the title “D’yer Mak’er” does, in fact, come from a rusty bit of Cockney humor, which usually goes something like thisCockney Man 1: My wife is going on holiday.
Cockney Man 2: D’yer make ‘er? [“_______,” but pronounced quickly so that it sounds just like “Did you make her?”]
Cockney Man 1: No, she’s going on her own accord. 
The sly allusion to _______ made sense for the song: “D’yer Mak’er” is Zeppelin’s reggae move.
 In one of his videos, to what did John Oliver compare to an Alabama wedding where all the cousins gathered and the only difference between the two was the violin player in Alabama was drunk?
 On 23rd April, Pornhub saw a 4% decrease in viewers, which happened at different times in different locations. Due to what reason, did this decrease occur
 In 1981, this building caught fire and was destroyed. Now it has been rebuilt. But it is famous as trial of Nathuram Godse took place here. Which building?
 'The viceroy' was a name given to something revolving around which a movie is going to come out.
 Closing. The connect is the movie Tulip Fever. It's based on Tulip mania during the Dutch golden age. The Viceroy was the name for a rare species of tulips which was central to the tulip mania.
 Ode to Viceroy is a song recorded by Mac DeMarco about his feelings for a certain Viceroy. Which Viceroy?
 The second round for the sports mentor fellowship is here from Khel Khel Mein Foundation (An initiative of Teach for India fellows)

If you love to play sports or know someone who does, look out for the link below and go for this amazing opportunity to bring joy through sports!

Sports Mentor Fellowship : https://tokkmf.wordpress.com/2016/03/26/khel-khel-mein-sports-mentor-fellowship/
 While Lord Shiva was doing Taandav, Lord Vishnu unleashed his Chakra that cut the Sati’s body into 51 pieces.
X is the place where smallest finger of Sati fell down. Which shaktipeeth am I talking about?
 no no, im kidding. they're just common quiz questions - and a bit fun, what with the whole working out - is all
 Speaking of Gibraltar
Which Gibraltarian doctor from the University of Nottingham grabbed headlines in August 2015? Constantly a source of spice for the tabloids as well.
 Ode to Viceroy is a song recorded by Mac DeMarco about his feelings for a certain Viceroy. Which Viceroy?



Answer to this?
 Pedro Aguayo Jr was a mexican wrestler who died while performing back in March 2015. Why suddenly his name was in public conciousness earlier today?
 #ExtremeKolstylz What was the name of the Croatian Fascist group created by the Nazis during WW II to wipe out Serbian and Muslim population and establish Axis dominance?
 Muslims kept the blood of the Croats pure apparently. It was the Serbs who were to be eliminated.
 Speaking of Gibraltar
Which Gibraltarian doctor from the University of Nottingham grabbed headlines in August 2015? Constantly a source of spice for the tabloids as well.
 Fones', Leonard's, Stillman's techniques are terms for a very regular human activity signifying different methods of doing a thing. What are we talking about?
 Guys, who's the girl who does these recaps of Hindi movies using a lot of gifs?
 Shyam Saran Negi holds the record for being the first in India to X. He has continued to X since the first time that he did it. Incidentally, he and his village managed to X, six months before the rest of the country because of residing in a place of heavy snowfall in Himachal Pradesh. Identify X.
 What two resistance groups came up as consequence of Ustasha attributes? One vying for All-Serb domination and the other wanting to establish a multi cultural nation?
 Identify the building. Image Taken in 1930, NYC. The building came in to limelight last year due a to political scandal.
 What two resistance groups came up as consequence of Ustasha attributes? One vying of All-Serb domination and the other wanting to establish a multi cultural nation?
 Chalo take this part this was indeed the Communist faction led by Tito. It was called the Partizans
 Simple . X is an Indian Autoricksaw aggregation company headquartered in Chandigarh providing on-demand transportation and logistics services across 23 cities in India. It develops and operates a mobile application which helps connect the user with the auto driver. The service was started in Chandigarh by Samar Singla along with Chinmay Agarwal in October, 2014.
 stable,  no jittery shit. 
sometimes youve to change streams when they get banned,  but youll find ample replacements instantly. 

and when i say HD,  i mean Hd
 *shit. 
i used to use eplsite for low quality stable stuff,  but it shut down in the last week
 Where can you-
Get yourself cleaned
Have a good meal
Do whatever you feel?

It's fun to put up shop there any time you like. I didn't say that, some Gavar Log did.
 A PhD in snorology, opposite of fatter, what happens when you switch on a bright torch, the phrase before losers weepers, a market where nightmares are sold, and 12 During the 2002 FIFA WC, Argentina exited the competition in the group stage itself. In the second and the most crucial match against England, they conceded via a penalty conversion after an Argentine defender brought down Michael Owen in the box leaving Beckham to do the honors and win the game 1-0 for the English. 

Who was the culprit who fouled Owen in the box? #Relevant
 What historical first will be achieved when Aston Villa will take on a certain opposition in the Championship next season?
 Villa vs Nottingham Forest next season will be the first time in history that two European champions are facing off in a lower division
 Sebastian Mallaby's 2010 book 'More Money than God' traces the history of which 'industry', part of which ultimately gets its name from the sense of people hiding in certain botanical structures?
 Hiding in hedges = "evasion" - ultimately linked to a strategies undertaken to mitigate risk, such mix of going short/going long
 So the book I just mentioned was shortlisted for "Financial times + GS (now McKinsey)" annual book award of sorts. It made the shortlist, but didn't win. Which other book didn't win - it traces events from the 2000s and was in the news all over last year? Which book won, eventually? - A win one could take nationalistic pride in, if one so feels
 ok to revise last statement, Krugman called it the most important eco book of the year, maybe the decade.
 Who are the next two in this list?
2015-16: Ranieri
1977-78: Brian Clough
1971-72: X
1968-69: Y
 77-78 was Nottingham forests first? 
they fucking doubled that and got two European cups to follow
wtf
 Mark Schwarzer is the first player to win 2 consecutive PL titles without playing a single minute. #LCFC #CFC https Andy King becomes the first player to win 
Ligue One
Championship and the EPL with the same team. 
#futurefunda
 Microsoft has partnered with the programming community website HackerRank. Bing search engine now comes with a unique feature. What?
 Someday, I hope people will travel to Odisha and realise the number of Pandas in the state.
 well dean of SOM in our university is also Panda, and once I saw even he was tagged in a Panda troll video
 once remember reading about this ultra-high level 1st year math course in harvard, where pretty much everyone was like an IMO level student
 Even I have taken up that course online, after first class you realize how much screwed up is education in India.
 If it makes you feel any better my name has seen so many permutation and combination that I can't even compute
 Still better than your food delivery guy calling you and asking "Miss Sneha, aapka ghar kahaan he?"😐
 yaar mera naam chill hai. kaus everyone knows the people live Abhishek Bacchan.. or Abhishek Manu Singhvi.. wait 😅
 I've had at least 2-3 cheques ruined cause Marathi folks correct Panda to Pandya. There is no end.
 I remember this kid in school who said " Before Panda was born, his Dad wanted to name him Ashish if he was a boy, and his mom wanted Sneha if he was a girl. End result dikh raha he"
 I remember this kid in school who said " Before Panda was born, his Dad wanted to name him Ashish if he was a boy, and his mom wanted Sneha if he was a girl. End result dikh raha he"



😂😂😂😂
 On May 6, 1965, X played to about 3,000 people at Jack Russell Stadium in Clearwater, Florida while on their first US tour. According to an article in the St. Petersburg Times, about 200 young fans got in an altercation with a line of police officers at the show, and X made it through just four songs as chaos ensued. That night, Y woke up in his hotel room with the guitar riff and lyric "____  ___ __ ____________" in his head. He recorded it on a portable tape deck, went back to sleep, and brought it to the studio that week. The tape contained his guitar riff followed by the sounds of him snoring.
 On May 6, 1965, X played to about 3,000 people at Jack Russell Stadium in Clearwater, Florida while on their first US tour. According to an article in the St. Petersburg Times, about 200 young fans got in an altercation with a line of police officers at the show, and X made it through just four songs as chaos ensued. That night, Y woke up in his hotel room with the guitar riff and lyric "____  ___ __ ____________" in his head. He recorded it on a portable tape deck, went back to sleep, and brought it to the studio that week. The tape contained his guitar riff followed by the sounds of him snoring.
 I am wondering why didn't they have a shoot location at Noida
Didn't they know that The Shah is coning to participate?
 . @BCCI recommends @imVkohli for Khel Ratna
Award and @ajinkyarahane88 for Arjuna Award
to sports ministry: ANI
 I did have a few issues the day after the update. Delayed notifications. Sometimes, none at all. Back to normal after I updated the app.
 I am having massive lag issues with whatsapp. Like all Hashish messages followed by all kapoor messages.. Anyone else having these issues?
 Yes, it seems to happen when you turn on your internet and there are a lot of unread messages on the group.
 On a sidenote UC makes you realize that you know a lot more than you thought you did
 In that case tata people must have done inky pinky ponky for selecting the cities to be televised
 the reason Giri gave for having a shoot location at Gurgaon was the quality of quizzers in the city.
 with all due respect,  gurgaon is primarily a inter ashoka final,  with mdi and  munjal thrown in this year
 also gurgaon guys,  sir mukund and mayukh got to stay in Taj when they were closer to the venue than I.   with all due respect,  noid is primarily a inter amity final, with amu and itm thrown in this year
 Bhai, ek hi to team hai. With all due respect, its prep for zonals for Sreshth and Abhimanyu for which they get paid
 Cry all you want, if sit at Mumbai, even if you make Nationals, you'll never get Taj stay 😪
 also if im allowed to be honest,  im not sure we would have made delhi finals this year. 
with all the trivial questions
 Connect
Nikita Khrushchev, Beria, Manuel Noriega, Pope John XXIII, Mussolini, J. Edgar Hoover, and Winston Churchill
 started at 88 for me, now 90sth
will cross 100k by the time ipass out(for me)
 I feel bad for him now. Earlier it was annoying and cringe inducing now it's just that
 Int. Practicals, Int. Exam, Ext. Practicals, Ext. Practicals. All back to back. One month of torture.
 Must be torturous for you. Especially when people around you have their exams over early than you
 Shreyas Iyer has bagged 3 ducks in his 5 innings in IPL this season. Who is the only DD player to have equalled his record in the history of IPL?
 Oh. Is he one of those annoying people who scatter one post of worth of text in ten different posts?
 ^^^I think the problem he's facing is with complicated questions, Google search results accurate nhi aate
 He is really a disgrace to quizzing to speak non sense against people like aniket who is doing wonderful job in organising barefoot
 Also @acs, according to my friends I'm a drug addict I'm dreading the moment i have to show my parents my scribbled tshirt 
And i thought schoolwala was bad
 How do we better know Micheal Pritchard. His stage name was originally a nickname from his friends at grade school, as he would constantly play "air bass" and make a "_____ _____ _____" noise while pretending to pluck the strings.
 What did the Kenyan President personally set fire to nearly a 100 tonnes of in the last 24 hours? It has been marked as a symbol of the nation’s committment towards something. 
Explain.
 If we follow Keynisian economic models, the entire world is based upon Floating Currencies. This means that at any given time, the actual physical current account balance is what?
 What's the exchange rate system called where banks exercise influence over the exchange rate but not completely?
 Dirty floating ka bhi alag reason hai, its called so because government tries to kill volatility and hence, profits
 Have I asked that old eco Funda about the Gold standard debate and the book which was an allegory to the troubles?
 Transfer Moratoria is a method of balancing foreign exchange by banks. Under this system, the central bank bans a particular type of transaction and instead all debtors have to make ________ payments to the central bank.
 so Im not feeling very motivated to study for my vibrations exam tomorrow. 
care to have a question fest guys?
like you always do when im not around.
 “In the past, the motivation to ‘be the first’ facilitated a rush to exotic destinations. But in a rapidly changing world, the rush to be one of the ‘last’ is the new travel phenomenon.” said Raynald Harvey Lemelin, co-editor of the book Last Chance Tourism The ______ is an enormous swamp dwelling monster mentioned in the Bible , in the book of Job. Not much is known about it except that it is very large and has a physique of a hippo. What is this monster called which is known by  Mythology buffs and metal heads alike ?
 TLDR from the Mahabharata 

X was flying over the city when he spat. His spit fell on Krishna and Krishna swore to kill him. X fell on Subhadra's feet and asked her to save him. She asked him to take help of Arjun. Arjun swore to protect X. Soon Arjun and Krishna were facing each other. Degas begged brahma not to let the fight happen which would have been a disaster for the mankind. Krishna killed X and Brahma resurrected X hence saving both Krishna and Arjun's oath. Identify X
 The X tree was a rather tall tree in Y, the species is not certain but it was Hopea sangal or Sindora wallichii. It evidently gives it name to an eponymous area in Y. 
Due to its height, it was cut down during ww2 to prevent it from being a ranging by the japs. 
Acc to legend the fall of X, would subsequently lead to the fall of Y, which rang true  as is well known from the Battle of Y.

A well known entity in Y is also named after X.
 So X is the name of a tree, not the type of tree
eg:
X= chantu , not peepal
 he X tree was a rather tall tree in Y, the species is not certain but it was Hopea sangal or Sindora wallichii. It evidently gives it name to an eponymous area in Y. 
Due to its height, it was cut down during ww2 to prevent it from being a ranging by the japs. 
Acc to legend the fall of X, would subsequently lead to the fall of Y, which rang true  as is well known from the Battle of Y.

A well known entity in Y is also named after X.
 think of who would fight the japs in world war 2
OR rather where the japs fought in ww2
 okay now I will give satirical hints about works of popular painters and you have to guess the painter
 If the images have dark background and everyone has a tortured expression on their face, its?
 If you see a dozen eyes and faces but their is only one person in the painting
 If everything is highly contrasted and sharp, sort of bluish , and everyone has gaunt bearded faces, it's?
 X waaNicknamed the Father in law of Europe. The children of X and Queen Louise (1817-1898) of Y included
-King Frederick VIII of Denmark, Queen Alexandra of the United Kingdom,  queen consort of King Edward VII, King George I of Greece, Empress Maria Feodorovna of Russia, empress consort of Tsar Alexander III.

X and Louise's grandchildren included King George V of the United Kingdom, Tsar Nicholas II of Russia, King Constantine I of Greece and both King Haakon VII & his consort, Queen Maud of Norway.
 I have one, Kapoor and Kaushal banned. What huge painting hangs opposite the Mona Lisa? Identify the artist too.
 If the painting could easily have a few chubby cupids or sheep added (or already have), it's
 Okay. Why did Maharaja Ranjit Singh's son Duleep Singh, go to meet queen Victoria in England? With what purpose?
 So when Ranjit Singh was defeated, the British in India forced his son to make a trip to England to formally present the Kohinoor to written Victoria
 Making films with street people was what it was really about, like he made paintings with them. Then that extended into a much later film, The Last Temptation of Christ. The idea was to do Jesus like X. ID painter X
 Cheb Mami, an Algerian rock singer shot to worldwide fame in the 2000's because of whom/what?
 One of the images that most inspired the director when putting together his vision of Kaiju and Jaegers was this painting called________, traditionally attributed to X (its authorship has lately been called into question, and there’s a movement now to credit this to one of X’s students) and in the collection of the Prado in Madrid.
 Thode aur type ke questions bhi puch lo, feeling dumber than an engineer in a law class.
 Which recently launched service will get you a 3 person apartment, a butler, a chef and a high speed physical transfer at the same time?
 Okay a nice one. Who took your breath away with a beautiful number in a tom cruise aviation classic?
 It's Berlin, the band. Song is take my breath away, which plays when tom cruise has his romantic encounter with that girl
 Easy question coming upX was shot on location in Y which was appropriate given the subject matter of X. Z, the singer of X sang the song while it was being shot instead of overlaying the music video with the actual song. If you need additional clues , shoutout.
 1993 and 1994 had a common winner for a notable prize which directly connects to the movie in which X was featured
 Easy question coming upX was shot on location in Y which was appropriate given the subject matter of X. Z, the singer of X sang the song while it was being shot instead of overlaying the music video with the actual song. If you need additional clues , shoutout.
 1993 and 1994 had a common winner for a notable prize which directly connects to the movie in which X was featured
 Apparently they knew a few answers which he told Kunal and they didn't pounce.. So got frustrated
 Easy music question time. Which band won a Grammy for the End is the Beginning is the End and which other creation did they win a Grammy for ?
 Easy music question time. Which band won a Grammy for the End is the Beginning is the End and which other creation did they win a Grammy for ?
 Connect- John Jacob Astor IV, Benjamin Guggenheim, Isidor Strauss (co owner of Macy's). These were very rich people with what in common?  Inexhaustive.
 And Shubhankar when the hell did I show you that Mata hari image? First time I've seen it myself
 Also. I don't think my question from before was answered. Was it?
Which entity other than Corsica has the black man with a white Bandana featured as an official symbol, whose name might remind you of Cloudy with a chance of meatballs?
 The commissar, rocking Mozart, I dream of ________.
What or who connects these seemingly silly things?
 France 1780's, a recreated scene (by me)
X- damn that guy Y, and the people he supports, the Z. I'll kill him where he's most vulnerable. Never mind if I'm executed and then a guy slaps my cut off head. I'll do it anyway, cause I'm going to be artistically immortalised in a way by A, because of his work B.
 It's the Chishtis, and along with the Suhrawardy's they were the two most influential schools of Sufism in medieval India
 Now where do these names appear?
Siegfried and Roy
Abbott and Costello
Magic and Karim
Penn and Teller
A cool guy may give you a giveaway clue.
 #UC On a episode of US , a contestant buzzed and answered Chinese hat. The other team buzzed and got it right. What is the right answer?
 Another very famous duo- Zorawar Singh and Fateh Singh. Where have we heard of them, and adding two names gives us what honorific?
 And who was said to have died when she heard the news of the two younger children's deaths?
 I remember ViJo asking a random Sikh history question in Mood I prelims 2014 xD xD
 if someone put a gun to my head and ask me to convert, imma start reciting the quran so fast,  itd put the prophet to shame
 Stephen Ross has visualised which monarch doffing his hat off to Leicester city on their historic win. It is said this king will come and protect England whenever they need him the most, and various other victories and good events in England are many times attributed to him.
 im going through the video going,  hmm wicker man,  skip to the end to make sure,  cycle back to oTB

but kapoor has already scored.
 in Bala's quiz? Question was what's the music video referencing, answer was a very old man with enormous wings
 The show follows Leonardo as he is implicated in the political schemes of the Medici and Pazzi families and their contrasting relationships with the Catholic Church. These events occur alongside Leonardo's quest to obtain the Book of Leaves as he finds himself entangled with a cult known as the X. X goes directly into the answer.
 Mythraic mysteries is what I was looking for. Though I admit it's more a mystery religion than actual ancient mystery
 Do you think Guardiola has a 'qualify for UCL or fuck off' clause in his contract for City?
 Anyway keepers at measured by how many mistakes they make, how they organise and shot stopping. De Gea is best in the world at two of those
 ive always hated it since bayern knocked us out of the ucl quaters way back when
 Even if they score in ET it counts as double, how the fuck is that fair
 This always happens to Bayern. You know when they have so many chances and such contrast
 Atletico almost channelise a mixture of champion Italian teams (defence defence defence) and the typical physicality of an Argentinean side
 How has he changed over Heynckes? Van Gaal implemented a very rigid possession-based system, Heynckes added flexibility, Pep added more
 In the final 4 luck plays a massive part anyway. I don't think he's become worse or anything.
 However good you are you don't win CLs routinely. Only happens to super massive clubs like Barca
 I think at Barcelona he really did do special stuff. He got rid of really big players.
 Raghav, it boils down to luck in the CL after semis. Bayern didn't have that often.
 Having read Pep Confidential, the way he prepares for matches and sets up teams is fascinating.
 His thing of doing three years at a club will always lead to debate about whether he can do that
 Id like to see city relegated,  that's a dream of mine. 
previous generations have seen it,  id like to see it done too.
 Ah yes. 
Today is the holiest day of them all. 
May the 4th be with you!
 The family connect in Star Wars is that X (who played Y in the prequels) was the nephew of Denis Lawson, who played Z in the original trilogy. 
Also explain Z's significance in the Original Trilogy.
 X is Ewan McGregor 
Y is Obi Wan
Z is Wedge Antilles 
Funda is that Wedge is the only pilot who attacked both Death Stars and survived
 One more star wars question, A new specie of beetle has been named after a star wars character. What's the name of the specie?
 Because the insect is significantly smaller and much less hairy than everyone's favorite "walking carpet," dense scales on the weevil's legs and head reminded the scientists of Chewbacca's fur, prompting their name choice.
 In the movie Bodyguard, Kevin Costner takes the female lead to watch Yojimbo. What is peculiar about this scenario?
 In the movie "Dirty Picture", Vidya Balan receives an award in a ceremony. What is the award name?
 What was peculiar about Aaron Gwin’s World Cup Win in Austria in 2015? Sport was a type of Mountain Biking.
 Because it mainly consisted of descending downhill on a bike so not much use of a chain.
 X is the phenomenon whereby an attempt to hide, remove, or censor a piece of information has the unintended consequence of publicizing the information more widely, usually facilitated by the Internet.



Named after American entertainer Barbabra X whose efforts to suppress images of her residence in 2003 led to the images going viral/
 [edited]
University of _________'s geo-science student are working on a project regarding seismic activities in the __________ area. Around 27 Feb they recorded a 0.3 magnitude earthquake, which is first of it's kind to be recorded in the UK. What was the cause of this earthquake?
 Mindsweep 2014

After his unfinished film received prolonged applause at Cannes, the director went to the subsequent press conference and announced: “My film is not a movie. It’s what it was really like. We were in the jungle. There were too many of us. We had access to too much money, too much equipment, and little by little, we went insane.” Which Palme d’Or winner was he talking about?
 this guy,  X,  wrote the original screenplay for superman('78)
what did he get an Oscar for.
 Dude I don't know still how I managed biology. Got the photocopied books. Mugged the fuck out of them
 Haan read the same. I mugged the fuck out of them in 2-3 days. I can't recall a word now. Mug up man ho jaayega
 Yeah. I remember cracking this question on Northern and Southern Blotting in KQA quiz because of biology
 Paper is easy coz they know these physics and physical science peeps can't study bio to save their lives
 The real audacity arrives in molecular biology when the suckers use organic chemistry to deep fry us
 ErnieTerell was at the receiving end of what quote, owing to the fact that prior to the match he used his opponent’s pre-conversion name rather than his current one?
 Bro notes se better is this local book some local author who publishes book per semester per paper
 That's the lowest I've ever scored. My teachers didn't teach us anything. It's more a confluence of physics and calculus then chemistry
 And then apply them. I found it the toughest paper. Even more than the last year Quantum chemistry which 90% people dread
 Upar se relative grading shit and then didn't get marks for practical. Organic toh tolerable hai.
 The beauty of thermo etc is if you click and get into the groove yoyll be like "BC mai PhD bhi isme hi karunga"
 Easy and direct derivations se kaam ban jaayega na? Because rest of the stuff like p and v really is irritatinh
 See the last year stuff and gauge. It's one paper where reverse prepping helps I think. Understanding what they ask
 Thermo goes all what you see on "cartoon shows wale blackboards arcane 2 page derivation stuff"
 But let me not scare peeps. It takes focus to understand but I've seen people master it so very achievable
 Chicago/Turabian style is generally used by Business, History, and the Fine Arts. What's used by Education, Psychology, and Sciences?
 oh, man. something is not right with that guy, i really do feel bad for him in that way
 I was reading about what he was doing 2 years back and it was some next level stuff. Now I feel bad
 If I was QM of this question I wouldn't have given points without anyone telling that
 George Lucas has acknowledged the heavy influence of ___ ______ ________ on Star Wars, particularly in the technique of telling the story from the perspective of the film's lowliest characters, C-3PO and R2-D2. Lucas's original plot outline for Star Wars also had a strong resemblance to the plot of ___ ______ ________, which would be reused forThe Phantom Menace.
 What's the name of God Indra's dog who stands by him at all times and helps him in Wars etc
 The actor who played X in the original trilogy, Y, thought of the Star Wars films as "fairy-tale rubbish".
 Despite this, he negotiated a deal to earn 2% of the gross box office receipts for the movies he appeared in, earning him over $95 million.
 X was supposed to audition for the role of Mace Windu but he died a few days before the audition, causing the role to go to Y.
 Wasn't Alec Guiness really pissed at Lucas and all? coz I remember him telling a little girl not to watch that Bullshit and all, that was because I think he felt he didn't get enough money.
 Ok closing 
Greblieps is Spielberg in reverse, the official planet of ET
ET's race can be seen in a senatorial meeting in Revenge of the Sith
Also ET recognizes Yoda in ET
 George Lucas originally wanted X as the voice of Darth Vader, but dropped the idea when he thought X’s famous baritone would be too recognizable.
 One more hint
He won an oscar for an original screenplay in a movie starring him
 My answer would be they played extras before they their role for which they were recognised.
 And Warwick Davis played two roles on Harry Potter (Griphook and Flitwick) and Star Wars (Ewok, another alien in Ep7)
 His films have inspired Wes Craven, Sean Durkin, Abel Ferrara. His first feature length film was nominated for an Oscar, but he lost out to director Federico Fellini. After he lost his wife in the late 60's, he returned to his home continent Europe, spending time in France etc. He was subsequently arrested for the rape of a minor, to which he pleaded guilty. That controversy haunts him till today. One of the most controversial figures in Hollywood, identify him.
 Gurtu, I'm coming to your place kal to get my Id and shit. Kab available hogs?
 John Tyler- William Henry Harrison (died in office)
Millard Fillmore- Zachary Taylor (died in office)
Andrew Johnson- Abraham Lincoln, we all know why
Chester Arthur- James Garfield (assassinated)
Gerald Ford- Richard Nixon (resigned in disgrace)
 अरे कई बार भर भर के मैथुन के दृश्य डाल देने से भी Cannes में selection हो जाता है।
 Though Trump has said that the US needs smart people and he will allow the Indian students to come to the states. 😅
 This is going to be a repeat of Le Pen vs Chirac election of 2002 in essence.
 Guys, USA is just a bourgeois farce. Only big corporates rule. They need a true democrat. Like comrade Stalin.
 Well, the only way she's getting elected is by asking all women to vote for her
 Stalin to come back to life and win the elections and make it the United Socialist states of Ramerica
 One of my professors had said that Pirates in Somalia don't loot, but engage in socio economic redistribution.
 Probably the only way to prove hunger is to prove that if you weren't able to prove it,  you'd go to jail or something yet you took it on xD
 Firing the staff so that heads of company can stay of the dirty job.Points to jena.
 Not in exact terms obviously, in terms of policies proposed at least. Universal health care, free college tuition in state colleges, populist policies et Al.
 Yes Jayant. I made Jobsem (ie the previous sem) chill - so thoda kaam ho gaya last sem
 Molestation of the fastener. How would you reword this to give the name of a famous book? And name the author too
 Unofficially a post graduate. Done and dusted. Thanks people for being an extended family. Love and good wishes to all. Will miss you all.
 Same style as above, 
The underground travails in the chambers of a wise and aged Jewish ruler, by an extremely unkempt and tired person
 If I would have been born in the 80s I would have been there for sure
 I did the dance sequence from Breakfast Club.. We are not alone wala with friends once.. Best memory
 The number of tenors including Pavarotti, all riding like fools on a dinghy across watery Britain accompanied by Toto?
 There was a question at some quiz no? How to draw jessica Parker etc and it was basically drawing a horse
 The improbable story of the etching of the combination of the names of a misspelt gap in the America and the gooses color whiskey and maybe Steeles sexy pardner?
 Silly amorous tendencies at an hour where everyone should be more worried about an affliction isolated by Filipo Paccini
 Little bits of lore created for the heck of it by half a fish that reminds you of a dog on the pogo channel in our childhood
 Little bits of lore created for the heck of it by half a fish that reminds you of a dog on the pogo channel in our childhood. The dogs name is kipper
 Kapoor toh bhai hai. Why will I stalk him, I already know his entire job process  I was unprepared because CAT was smack dam in the middle of the most crucial phase for placements. Did not want to devote time to this,
 My friend had prepped for a month in July, left CAT prep entirely but gave it a revision 2 days before the actual exam and got 100
 A few Havanas belonging to Hatshepsut. Actually no she's a chick, let me say belonging to Thutmose.
 Gawds like Kapoor are getting placed in MBB firms. And here I am thinking of Chhole Bhature Stall in Kamla Nagar Market.
 I tend to think i just ramble at times, if something worked, Im glad to have helped  Peter is included in this, either the author or the book but no not Peter pan
 A diseased, okay maybe just unwell person in need of medical (probably) attention from Blackpool/London/Avon etc, by Mr Keaton/Buble and an unpronounceable last name?
 Black/Sparrow/any Russell terrier in the act of ascension of a large natural plant to deal with a mumbling oversized creature who craves corpuscles maybe?
 Which British top selling artist was embarrassed by Thom Yorke once when he walked up to him and started appreciating his music and expressing his fandom for Radiohead. In return Yorke just looked at him and walked off. Later the person in question claimed that he'll never forgive him for being "incredibly rude"
 Borun has heard a lot of diverse music from what I've picked up from his questions
 What you write when you're (not really) laughing out loud+Stephen kings giant clown book+the letter A, all penned by Putin and a short version of Drakul the impaler
 A secret meeting with a bow wielding God sans his monkey and confident, and is it by that retired Australian captain, or Guinevere's hubby? Maybe both?
 According to popular belief, Rod Stewart's I don't wanna talk about it unfairly held the no 1 spot on UK charts. Which song should have been no 1?
 Fans of the band made a push for it to be no 1 upon its re release in 2012.
 According to popular belief, Rod Stewart's I don't wanna talk about it unfairly held the no 1 spot on UK charts. Which song should have been no 1?
 Fans of the band made a push for it to be no 1 upon its re release in 2012.
 I just showed the painting, Venus with a Mirror. And asked fora whole set of variables deriving from it.
 This Jackson Browne song, first recorded by a collaborator of the velvet underground in 1967 rose to popularity because of a 2001 film. Song and film? #kolstylz
 The song features in an iconic scene in the film, one of my brilliant scenes in the movie
 When Madonna was asked which is the one song she wished she would have written, she replied with the name of an Elliot Smith song that deals with his struggles with alcoholism. Which song?
 Which Dutch movie is was dubbed by Kubrick as the scariest movie that he saw, even more horrifying than his own The Shining? #ExtremeKolstylz #QMRecommendations
 The only time you'd probably see these two artists collaborating is in the song, 'I've Seen It All' from the movie X, the lyrics of which are about coming to terms with the fact that they're going blind. Although in the movie the duet is with Peter Stormare, the two artists appear together in the soundtrack album, called Selmasongs.
Movie and the two artists please.
 very extensive. lots of foreign and local indigenous indian cinema + regular holly/bolly. 4-5 hr long quiz held every year
 but such is life. not making mistakes again. for eg, I am not sitting for India this year
 Björk has had this famous director as her video collaborator, directing surrealistic videos for songs like Human Behavior, Army of Me, Bachelorette et al. Who's this indie director, who you'd invariably associate with poetry-derived movie quiz questions?
 Q. Which 1979 seminal work of this legendary director features a beautiful usage of the 1954 WC Final radio commentary and contrasts how when the nation is coming together and finding solidarity in post war scenario, the main character is losing integrity and sacrifices values. #QMRecommendations #SonOfLumierePrep
 Kombucha is any of a variety of fermented, lightly effervescent sweetened black or green tea drinks that are commonly intended as functional beverages for their supposed health benefits
 One in which you type your queries in chats and the top search result gets texted back
 Excerpt from a 2008 Time article"The modern world isn't divided between capitalism and communism; it's divided in part between nations done dealing with its seccesionists and those still fighting. Sri Lanka sided with Serbia, mindful of its Tamil rebels. Even Spain opposed Kosovo's claim as a precedent that could threaten Madrid's sovereignity by encouraging separatists. What's the joke about ------- --- ---- ------- -- --- ----"
A google search reveals that the joke that the author is talking about comes in different variations, but with a similar theme: People from a particular region (that has a long standing secession demand) are filled in a place that has only one way out, and a fire breaks out, leading to many deaths. The joke ends with a moral, that is quite a clever pun on a very famous idiom, and is the line that the author of the above article is referencing.
What is the pun?
 There was a fire at a Basque restaurant, but there was only one way out of the restaurant. Many people were injured in the stampede. The moral of this story "I think there was an audible sigh in Polish cinemas when our contribution was reduced to just one line", said Dr. Grazyna Zebrowska. This refers to the work done by a certain Polish bureau (PCB). Which movie / what contribution?
 ___ ______ is the first book written by Richard Nixon, who later became the thirty-seventh president of the United States. It was published in 1962, and it recounts his role in six major political situations. Nixon wrote the book in response to John F. Kennedy's Pulitzer Prize-winning Profiles in Courage which had greatly improved Kennedy's public image.
 In 1932, a group of cryptologists from the Polish Cipher Bureau - Marian Rejewski, Jerzy Rozycki and Henryk Zygalski - discovered three ways of deciphering Enigma readings.
The Germans changed the machine again in 1939.
That's the one Turing cracked.  But with the help of everything the poles had done. Some of the members of the original team even helped Turing build his machine.
 why are they scaling down on landmark 

they even stopped it in Pune 
and Pune was the third place after Chennai And Bangalore to get it. 
such good teams showed up there, 
why :(
 No funds it seems. Last year the venue was shifted from legendary madras music academy to little known Chinmaya hall.
 Direct relation to the Stores, Sreshth in some cases at least. Delhi for example. Amazon/Flipkart tool the quiz away
 Delhi one was shut down as well. No one bought from here. Low sales during the heavy discount season as well
 Between 2006 and 2015, this organisation operated 599 aircraft — 586 planes and 13 helicopters — throughout Mexico and Latin America, according to information from the Mexican defense ministry (Sedena).

It was bigger than the largest operational airline in the country, Aeroméxico, which has 127 planes.

It was most likely be one of the most successful in the country, based on its 4,771 landing strips — between 550 and 1,100 yards in length — dotting Mexico's northern states.

Who was the owner or which was the organisation?
 Which is the only male character who has not watched Penny naked and why that's weird?
 "Me and my dick" is a musical which tells the story of a guy whose penis rebels against him and leaves him though it ultimately ends in their reconciliation. The question here is which is the more/most famous creation ( also a musical) by the creator of "me and my dick"?
 This Hugo and Locus award winning book by Connie Willis pays tribute through its title to Robert Heinlein because he introduced the author to '_____ ___ __ _ ____' through his work 'Have space suit- Will travel'. The book has a plot based on time travel where the protagonist is a time traveller with no knowledge of the Victorian era but has to return to exactly the same time period and return a cat that someone brought with them while time travelling. He meets Cyril, Terrence and Prof. Peddick at Oxford and they take him to Muchings end where he meets his contact. Which classic work in which ' Not much is said about Cyril's counterpart ' does this book pay tribute to?
 This Hugo and Locus award winning book by Connie Willis pays tribute through its title to Robert Heinlein because he introduced the author to '_____ ___ __ _ ____' through his work 'Have space suit- Will travel'. The book has a plot based on time travel where the protagonist is a time traveller with no knowledge of the Victorian era but has to return to exactly the same time period and return a cat that someone brought with them while time travelling. He meets Cyril, Terrence and Prof. Peddick at Oxford and they take him to Muchings end where he meets his contact. Which classic work in which ' Not much is said about Cyril's counterpart ' does this book pay tribute to?
 Guys need a clarification

If we participate in Mega Whats under college category, all the 4 partners should be from the same College?
 Rithwik is it something to do with the starship troopers or moon is a harsh mistress?
 Give me the general name given to the paths as shown in the image by connecting it to a one-time fiancée of Napolean and a 1950s movie.
 it's open, yes. though college teams have won from Delhi the last two years in a row  In this 2009 movie the protagonist works in the movie/TV industry as a scriptwriter. Because of the lack of interesting events in the time period that he is allotted, he is fired from his job. He goes to the bank and on learning that their server is down, requests for a withdrawal equal to his monthly rent(which was more than his balance) as his owner had given him an ultimatum. The server returns, teller finds out the real balance but still gives him the requested amount. Thus the name of the movie. ID.
 Basic premise is everyone in the world speaks the truth until Ricky Gervais ka character invents lying
 Benghazi, Libya was earlier known as Berenice. The resins from the trees of a now inexistent forest in Berenice were used to get a golden and hardened effect. Berenice comes from phero meaning to bring and Nike meaning victory. The Latin form being Veronica. What product owes it's origin to this city?
 During the Korean war US army ran out of mortar rounds. The radio operators kept informing the base about this. Due to a nickname used by the US Army for these rounds a large shipment of X was shipped to them. X was named after the creator's daughter and its recipe makes it mandatory to have a part of the previous day's batch to be added to the current one. Thus they say there is a part of the original product made in 1896 in all the 60 million plus units manufactured everyday. Give the funny name X.
 The Columbus Circle in New York is the spot from which all the distances in the city is measured. Something proposed by a man who ironically never learned how to drive a car, implemented in 1905 at this place gave a peculiar distinction to it. What distinction does it hold and what moniker did the man in question get due to his works?
 In 2005 Lucasfilms and Masterfoods USA partnered to promote revenge of the sith. They came up with collectible wrappers, posters etc portraying M and Ms dressed as Star Wars characters. Using a clever wordplay what was this collection called?
 The 1766 work Heer Ranjha is the first literary work which refers to this commodity which is named for its 'fragrance'. India supplies 65 percent of it in the overseas market while the rest is done by Pakistan. ID.
 his small town in Belgium is known for its heavy woollen cloth. It lends its name to something that became popular among surfers due to its post world war 2 use in coastal California and Australia. Although it gets its name because the material used was produced in this city, nowadays the ones made using other materials, primarily canvas are also known by this name. Give the name of the city or the item.
 Selene Gallio is a psychic vampire from the Marvel Universe who was suggested as one of the possible successors of Doctor Strange as the Sorcerer Supreme by the Eye of Agamotto. She first featured in New mutants volume 1,#9 in 1983. She is known to have faced Conan the Barbarian, Red Sonja etc. What distinction  does she hold in the Marvel Universe?
 Bento is a take away meal box from Japan. It is said to have inspired the design of something from the world of technology. What?
 Qn

What has not been named after the fact that a large amount of emulsion, (a mixture of two liquids that normally can't be combined) was lost at sea in the 1860s?
 Qn

What has _*not*_ been named after the fact that a large amount of *emulsion*, (a mixture of two liquids that normally can't be combined) was lost at sea in the 1860s?
 If 
Kozue Kano is the runner up
Takkaki Goto is third
Chei Fujii has come fourth

Who is the winner, name of the winning entry, and the significance please?
 Covered by sections 391, 395, 396 and 398 of the Indian Penal Code, what seven-letter

word refers to the act of five or more people committing a robbery?
 Haan pata hai but I have had so many facepalm moments missing out on obvious answers, I thought try karne mei kya jaata hai?  Genuine question. Dont know the answer.
If Liverpool wins the europa final and qualifies into CL
Will the 4th placed team in EPL qualify for CL then?
 Portmanteau of a martial art and a sport, created by Billy Banks, this fitness regime gained fame and commercial success in the 90s. Name this system and why it was on tongue tips in 2006?
 This year I think 5 teams of spain played Champions league probably or last year when sevilla won the europa
 Yes 4th place team will. Only way they wouldn't qualify was if Liverpool won Europa and Man City won the CL. since the latter didn't happen, 4th place team will qualify and England would have 5 teams in the CL
 Assuming United win the rest. If it's one thing this season taught me, its that you can't be optimistic with mufc
 With SAF retiring and so many changes in two years, there was bound to be a dip
 They have even signed tahith chong (16yr ) recently and I suppose they are also signing renato sanchez
 What we need is a few more leaders in the squad. Rooney and Schweinsteiger are there, but they're inconsistent and can't play every game.
 I think France have the strongest chance. England will make it big for a change for sure
 I thought they'd do better given the plethora of talent they had. But okay, their players have had more exposure now. Let's see how they do this time aroubd
 I don't know why but I think they just might be the underdog with good days
 Religion quota and some other quota for India because they wanna give an equal opportunity to everyone for years of below par treatment given to the Indian football team?
 Wait does anyone remember that child who was selected by manu for training or camp? Where's he now?
 Even though, in the earlier part of their history they were known as ManU (post Newton Heath etc.)
 What I've read is, that fans of opposing clubs would shout Man U got on a planr
 Portmanteau of a martial art and a sport, created by Billy Banks, this fitness regime gained fame and commercial success in the 90s. Name this system and why it was on tongue tips in 2006?
 What connects 
Putin
TDR
Pierre Trudeau
Albert II
Billy Thorpe
Chuck Norris

And also yours truly.
 Such a diversity in DQC. From medicine to law to martial arts. People can advise you on so many things
 Did dojo myself for 14 days, 15 days judo and table tennis for 25 days. Not many games are available in Shimla due to topography.
 for all those who didn't attend Pop Ki Kamai, which is the only language category in which the highest grossing film of all time is an animated film?
 Just saw those who didn't attend attend pop ki kamai didn't see the rest of it, thinking it was just sort of announcement.
 On April 12, 1955, Edward R. Murrow , in what context and by whom were the following lines spoken? "There is no patent. Could you patent the sun?"
 Early Christian chroniclers somewhat fancifully attributed the origin of this city name to an
Armenian exclamation by Noah, while looking in the direction of the city after the ark had
landed on Mount Ararat and the flood waters had receded: "It appeared!" However, it is far
more likely that the name is derived from an Urartian military fortress called Erebuni
founded on its territory in 782 B.C. by Argishti I. Name this national capital, one of the
world's oldest continuously inhabited cities.
 Contrary to popular belief, the flush toilets were not invented by Thomas Crapper. One reason for the spread of the hoax might be that toilets are loosely referred to as 'crappers'. Who is the actual inventor of the flush toilet?

P.S. if you don't know what a crapper is, you know nothing.
 A simple one

X was the president of Y from 1992 to 2001, a period where Y's value rose to about $3 billion, and it became a global phenomenon. X stepped down stating " I was afraid I would die the queen of ________". X was also CEO and president Lifestyle Entertainment from 2005 to 2007.

Give X and Y
 Blue Suede shoes was completely different artist while the other two featured the original artists as well?
 Is correct. Except for Blue Seude Shoes where the original is higher up the order. The Byrds and Run-DMC versions of the other 2 are higher up in the list
 Guessed it purely from Walk This Way and the fact that I had seen The Byrds' version on the list and figures Dylan waala bhi hoga hi  Funny thing about Shark Tank is, Cuban is probably more than all the of the other guys combined. Not an even footing.  Located in Louisiana and named after the Avery family who settled there in the 1830s, Avery Island is a salt dome. It is famous  as being the source of which product invented by Edmund McIlhenny, husband of Mary Eliza Avery?
The US military packs this product in every ration kit and the Bloody Mary cocktail wouldn’t be complete without this
 "In 2016, there might also be a black-and-white version of the film, which the director confirms was his original intent. A greyscale and silent version was leaked online in September, although it has since been removed. An official version exists and could yet receive a theatrical release“

Which franchise film? 
Name the Director.
 It was Carvaggio's way of apologising after he killed some faggot. Painted himself ss the head of goliath in that painting
 inteded to exchange the painting for his life,  full on apology scenes. 
whether he succeeded or not,  I'll let you guys know. 
watching power of art 😀
 If the great Russian tsar or the master of Jaws happened to be in conflict with red riding hoods titular bane, who would probably be in the audience waving his baton and taking in the applause?
 Isn't Peter wolf the guy who's supposed to be on the FB logo? A la Al Pacino
 How did a spouse's birthday party cause the downfall of a certain powerful empire in history, in the mid 20th century?
 William Brodie,who was dubbed as  Deacon Brodie  was a Scottish cabinet-maker .He lived as burglar secretly throughout his life. X been intrigued by the idea of how personalities can affect a human and how to incorporate the interplay of good and evil into a story incorporated Deacon Brodie in to his work.X and his notable work ?
 . Laina Morris, better known mononymously as Laina, is a YouTuber and the creator of an Internet meme originating in a YouTube video published on June 6, 2012. The video was a submission to a contest held by Justin Bieber who challenged fans to create a "Girlfriend" counterpart to his hit song "Boyfriend". Which meme?
 Seems like a contentious point. Half of them says Al Pacino while half says Peter Wolfe
 But seriously it's the truest spiderman to the comic books , the quips, the crippling poverty, the modesty, the morality and inexperience .. Everything is so well potrayed
 Yeah. Credits to the MQF Ent Quiz ( I think). Was reading about Roy L, thus the question.
 #notaspoiler When offering a peace proposal to Bucky Barnes, using what pop culture reference ( from a movie) does Ironman refer to him ( Barnes) which derives from the shared cause/driving factor behind Barnes' actions and the character referred to ?
 Old Qn

What, ruled by Cronus, are the final resting place of the brave and virtuous?
What modern day location is a direct translation of the name?
 #notaspoiler When offering a peace proposal to Bucky Barnes, using what pop culture reference ( from a movie) does Ironman refer to him ( Barnes) which derives from the shared cause/driving factor behind Barnes' actions and the character referred to ?
 Is old folks can ask questions from sub par lit just cause its of their time, I don't see why a masterpiece like Dexter doesn't get a shit
 Digimon was really good man. Used to watch that in 3rd after Pokemon came shitty with Johto Shit
 What I loved about Digimon was how relatively serious it was. Characters were getting killed all the time and it was actually about saving the world.
 Oooh ooh oooh ooh. Watching RAW on Monday, Smackdown on Tuesday, Afterburn on Wednesday,Bottom Line on Thursday and velocity on Friday
 Speed Racer ki parody waala. Didn't know the name of original cartoon then (speed racer matlab)
 I had a Dranzer-F, Driger-S and Apollon GT (huge mistake to buy, but engine gear is cool)
 If you bought that cheap beyblade. They used to thrown away when they used to collide with the heavy duty ones
 Snu has a decent QC but they don't participate much coz it is very very far away. It's in Greater Noida
 #notaspoiler When offering a peace proposal to Bucky Barnes, using what pop culture reference ( from a movie) does Ironman refer to him ( Barnes) which derives from the shared cause/driving factor behind Barnes' actions and the character referred to ?
 Nope. The PCR is the name of the movie as well as what the character is referred to as. And the original movie was in 1962 and remade in 2004
 It's a great film. Though not as good as part 2. They screwed up with the ending, actually. They really shouldn't have killed off Batman.
 This term was originally a Marathi word meaning “fully fertile” or “ at the peak of growth”. Later it was used to describe people with budding hormones and their behaviour to establish control or create mischief. The word was popularized by a whole lot of Bollywood movies in the 80s and 90’s and over the years it has spawned a sub culture with it’s own language.
 Dual Monsters is Yu Gi Oh. Dual Masters was different. Yu Gi Oh used to come on Hungama while Dual Masters used to come on Cartoon Network
 tara strong ✔ ‎@tarastrong
I don't remember ordering a stab in the heart today
RealEGDaily ✔ ‎@RealEGDaily
Owie! Rt in the kisser ! Hurts 😥Xxeg
Catherine Cavadini ‎@CatCavadini
I wish the new girls well but Wow! does this hurt my heart:(
^context?
 दिल-ए-नादान तुझे हुआ क्या है,
आख़िर इस दर्द की दवा क्या है। 
हम हैं मुश्ताक़ और वो बेज़ार,
या इल्लाहि ये माजरा क्या है। 
जान तुम पर निसार करता हूँ,
मैं नहीं जानता दुआ क्या है।
 China recently announed a ban on a certain activity being performed by women and men on video sharing websites. 



Certain vegetables have also come under the radar because of this ban. 




What activity?
 Commies lol 
Must have a problem with bananas portraying an inaccurate size of the Chinese dick
 Only time anything can be used for sexual purposes is during the state mandated Procreation Day
 The Norwegian Army’s MRE (Meal, Ready to eat) contains a dish which Europeans most commonly associate with the UK and not Norway. 



Which dish?
 The radio between the distance between sun and earth to the suns diameter (or alternatively, ratio between distance between moon and earth to the moos diameter) is the answer to why something has so many elements. What?
 Handley Page Transport Ltd was an airline company founded in 1919 by Frederick Handley Page in the new era of civil flying after the First World War.

The first planes were a small number of Handley Page Type O/400 bombers modified for passenger use. These flew London-Paris. At a request from the Air Ministry the Handley Page Type W8 was later used for both Paris and Brussels.

What 'first' is credited to this airline company?
 China has a Gawker clone of sorts called, what else, Guoker, which gives out a "Pineapple Award" for ignobel worthy scientific work.   The latest such award was given on April 11 to Li Jigong of Tianjin University, for a robotic device he invented that has a huge future potential for use in, for example, oil refineries and chemical plants, but now confines its attentions to, say, a group of people in a room.   

What highly significant (at least to people in that room) two word question does this robot attempt to accurately answer?
 This quirky structure titled "X's Y" officially opens to the public on April 13 and will remain on view through June 3 and is designed by Berlin based artists Michael Elmgreen and Ingar Dragset. This sculpture will pay homage to a mysterious and grisly piece of history as there are multiple accounts as to how this might have happened.

While on first look, the sculpture resembles a kidney, it is actualy more Y shaped than kidney-shaped. The 30-foot high sculpture will sit on Fifth Avenue, right in front of Rockefeller Center. It resembles a typical swimming pool with a diving board. The designers intended for the pool to conjure leisurely, sun-soaked afternoons, which juxtapose with both X’s grim life and New York’s stark urbanity. 

What is it titled?
 Van goghs ear is corrext. This is a fruitless exercise right now. Will continue later. U know why. ✌✌✌
 Jeremy Paxman,the famed University Challenege presenter became a focus of media attention in October 2000 when an X was stolen and was inexplicably sent to him in the post. He returned it to its rightful location.

X? from what location?
 Fang Binxing, unofficially known as the ‘Father of X’, was recently forced to use Y due to his own creation. This was during a lecture he was giving on sovereignity of a certain World Wide Tool and had to access some Publish Papers from a neighbouring country. X and funda please
 poor guy had to use VPNs in the middle of the lecture to access South Korean papers
 "We did a lot of research and a lot of training. But the most interesting part was reading up on him. Doris Kearns has a great book, though it mostly covered his politics. “____’s Melancholy” fit right into what we’re doing. It’s about his depressive nature, his poetry, his relationship with death. You have to take into account the things that are affecting him through life to really play him physically. The war must have been crippling. Just look at old photos that show him to be gaunt and translucent. Add the ______ storyline and you have a lot of material to work with". 

Who on playing whom? Blanks are different.
 Two days ago, at the Waste Management Open in Scottsdale, Phoenix, a robot tediously named Launch Directional Robot Intelligent Circuitry, co-owned by Gary McCord, performed a certain feat, done 19 years ago at the same place by, co-incidentally, the inspiration for the robot.

Who is this inspiration? Alternatively, what did the robot do?

(answer both parts pls)
 Right. Hole in one and tiger Woods. Launch Directional Robot intelligence circuitry short form is Ldric, honor of Eldrick "tiger" woods
 Bakchod Q




X anxiety—is hardly a household name among students, but say it to a college X, and he or she will know exactly what you’re talking about. It’s the feeling that one’s research skills are inadequate and that those shortcomings should be hidden. In some students it’s manifested as an outright fear of X and the X who work there. To many X it’s a phenomenon as real as it is perplexing.
 A Time Magazine article in November 2014, describes multiple instances where this three-word phrase has been applied. 

Notable incidents include, Taylor Swift wearing a T-shirt saying, 'No, it's Becky', Beyonce dropping an album unexpectedly in December 2013 without any fanfare, and the baby-faced checkout counter guy Alex from Target. Eric Schmidt used the phrase with reference to the NSA and how foreign govts. would not trust the US. Perhaps, the closest LITERAL achievement that the phrase denotes is actually being accomplished by sharks. 

However, the phrase is arguably most famous for being on the cover of a magazine that led the article to call the subject, 'Shiva the destroyer' when it came to this aspect. 

What phrase am I talking about? What magazine? What subject?
 He had many aliases throughout his "career" like "Sindhi Dalwai", "Talwai", "Anna", "Thambi" and "Veluswami", but the name that he last carried is making waves in pop media these days. What was it?
 You spend too much time on Reddit and none at all in regular social networking sites
 nobody knows much about his early life, like the name he was given at birth, if at all
 _____ees1.	You must provide at least one high-quality picture of the _____ee holding a sign with the text /r/X 
2.	You may post on behalf of other people, provided that everyone appears in the verification photo described in rule #1.
3.	Your post will not appear until after it has been approved by a moderator. Please send this message if it takes longer than 30 minutes.
4.	The minimum posting age is thirteen-years-old, your post will be rejected if you look younger.
5.	By submitting a _____, you agree to your picture being saved, hosted on Imgur, and reposted to Reddit for the purpose of inclusion on "Best Of" and "Highlights" albums.
_____ers:
1.	This is a comedy subreddit, not a hate subreddit. Act as though you are trying to make an audience laugh.
2.	We rely on user reports to manage the subreddit, please report all rule violations.
3.	You are allowed to look through the _____ee's post history.
4.	Never post another user's personal information, referred to as 'doxxing'. We will always report violations to the admins.
5.	Please don't use link shorteners in comments (bit.ly, tinyurl, etc.)
 The football magazine El Gráfico then set up a front cover showing Infante dressed as a pupil with the caption "Infante played hooky". What event did it report about?
 Q.He is credited with what innovation and hence regarded as the first member of what club?
 Q2. How do we better know Jeff Bridges in the Sci Fi world?
In one of his movies he shares his nickname with the first name of a Star Wars character.
 Q. Alecia Beth Moore is an American singer, songwriter, dancer and actress. Originally a member of the girl group Choice, she rose to fame as an R&B artist with her debut solo album, Can't Take Me Home.
How does the world better know her?
 Except that one lame sequence they all get high and start dancing the movie is good
 School kids mostly don't do this sort of thing as they are bothered what their friends would say or think.
 It it as they say, Log Kya Sochenge.
But the thing is, Agar Ye Bhi Hum Sochenge Toh Log Kya Sochenge.
 But the movie showed the process that usually takes months/ years done in a fast track manner.
 but my fav movie of the genre is still Me and Earl and The Dying Girl
 what I like about it is, they have taken such a "duh, didn't we know that already" and made it into a good movie
 yes, it's Serif a slight projection finishing off a stroke of a letter in certain typefaces.
 presence or absence of Serif gives rise to two generic font families namely Sans-serif and serif
 This is Major Gen Victory Rana of the Nepali army. Just tell me his very famous former bandmate.
 Q. Bakahat Budapirti had composed the now not in use National Anthem called Shreeman Gambhira Nepal just tell me the name of  his much more famous Grandson.
 Louis Banks. *drops the mic and runs for his life* he's called the Godfather of Indian Jazz
 In traditional folk theatre (such as bhand and tamasha) of India and Pakistan, this is name given to a performer who plays a specific type of sidekick role  - In the course of the performance, he is supposed to comply with every command given by his master. What is the name given to this role? What, therefore, is the name given to the master?
 Bunty Aur Babli - Chup Chup Ke (Sitar)
Gangster - Na Jaane Koi (X)
Omkara - Naina thag lenge (Sitar)
Life in a... Metro - Alvida (X)
Dhoom 2 - Crazy Kiya Re (X)
Dabangg 2 - Tore naina bade dagabaaz re (Sitar)
Maazii - Mora Jiya (X)
Desi Boyz - Make Some Noise (X)
Paheli - Dheere Jalna (Sitar)
7 Khoon Maaf - Aawara (Sitar)
My Name Is Khan - Tere Naina (Sitar)
 Which famous boarding school in India was started by a lady named Ms Oliphant and quite aptly has an elephant as its logo  This painting of Paolo Uccello has said to have given rise to this literary and cinematic trope used for many centuries, involving a chick and a dude. Not the misspelt European soldier who sounds like a giant mythical reptile of course. What painting and what trope?
 My first song review was on Cerejo's Aisi Baani and it's lyrics correction was suggested by the lyricist Manoj Yadav himself
 This painting of Paolo Uccello has said to have given rise to this literary and cinematic trope used for many centuries, involving a chick and a dude. Not the misspelt European soldier who sounds like a giant mythical reptile of course. What painting and what trope?
 Such a big big fan of Madari. I was so damn happy when Vishal started to sing it in the DTU Fest. But he made a complete mockery of the song and I hated that concert after that moment for all means and purposes 😜
 Louis Banks is awesome. And Ehsaan is amazing when he plays the blues. Seen a couple of gigs. Really good!
 So I have that hint because the soldier class dragoon and the mythical beast dragon are similar sounding.
 If you were to stay at a certain chain of luxury hotels in the summer, winter, autumn and spring, accompanied by master Banderas or a certain character from the merchant of Venice, who would in all likelihood be in the heart of it all, perhaps dropping a rhyme with Garibaldi?
 Revered in Pop Culture coz he’s usually depicted as sinking with his ship inside the smoking room, even though he abandoned it after helping some women and children
 I bought a financial calculator just for one 15 marker so that I don't have to do 1/d ki derivation vahan baith ke
 One guy from Statistics in my college was using a high tech calculator with a graph plotter
 Needless to say a programmable calculator works wonder in linear algebra cause you can check the matrices and shit
 • She attended an illegal “floating university” in her youth – a night school changing locations to elude authorities during a time of czarist Russia's occupation of Poland which forbade women to study at Universities
 Ours is science and Liberals arts. 
Half of the people in the college don't know half of the functions in a scientific calc :P
 haan that's true, so they dont show up in the rankings. But IISc is seriously top boss in this
 What would you have if the Greek goddess of the hunt and chastity were suddenly to turn into a chicken?
 What would you have if a nimbu flavoured drink or cocktail were to be batting and edge one to the slip cordon?
 Connect Ajay Jadeja, Javagal Srinath, Manoj Prabhakar, Nayan Mongia, Vijay Bharadwaj and Navjot Sidhu. In that particular order. Current affairs, if you may.
 What do you get when you combine love, drugs and the pursuit of a cute Chinese mammal?
 TIFR competes very well with IISc in the sciences. Best place in India for real work in terms of world class research and papers is JNCASR though I'd say.
 ah i remember. you told me about that.. the place that sounds like murder in terms of work
 What do you get when you combine love, drugs and the pursuit of a cute Chinese mammal?
 What famous household brand do you get if you adopt an oysters precious gift as a household companion?
 What do you get if the places where Jews slept in concentration camps were suddenly to become lucky and fortunate?
 BC this is like class 5 shit. Except it's quizzers so you frame these like its hot shit
 There was a guy in my school named Kushal Dalal which literally translates to Successful Broker
 What if a city in Florida were a beautiful flower about to burst into full glory from a bud?
 The worst one- which country is actually taking permission to its own life, maybe because of too much balle balle around?
 My Dads an officer. So not Navy Nagar, but NOFRA. He got transferred to Kochi a couple of months ago. My Mother and my bro have been at Bhubaneswar since 2011
 Bhai kar pe hi hu. Room ka AC got fried. Sleeping in basement cause thanda floor.
 A term was used by a man in his covering a certain event - he used the phrase to describe how people regarded Ralph Steadman upon seeing his caricatures of them. - A term that is used all over, such as a 2013 Sid Lowe book. The event being covered has links to a famous cocktail, consisting of a mixed alcoholic drink, or cocktail, consisting primarily of bourbon (or some other spirit), water, crushed or shaved ice, and fresh mint. Event/term/person please
 You have one part so far, ie the Kentucky Derby. i didnt ask for Mint Julep  #kolstylz


What unusual activity did female students(technically) of Chengdu University did at a ceremony to raise Breast Cancer Awareness?
 He( X Y) was also known as Cotton Y to the British and also Diamond Y , served in the british indian army and fought in the boer war where he met gandhi.
 was an  authority in geology, agriculture and also an educationist. Died in poverty. Postage stamps to commemorate him 2009 etc. Proposed Bharat Ratna in 2011.
What is his C2F
What did he do?
 On the origin of this linguist Roman Jakobson offers this more specific explanation“Often the sucking activities of a child are accompanied by a slight nasal murmur, the only phonation which can be produced when the lips are pressed to the breast or to the feeding bottle and the mouth full. Later, this phonatory reaction to nursing is reproduced as an anticipatory signal at the mere sight of food and finally as a manifestation of a desire to eat, or more generally, as an expression of discontent and impatient longing for missing food or absent nurser, and any ungranted wish.”
When these mouth movements and murmurs are made without anything to suck on nearby, Jakobson thought, they come out as this? What is this?
 Mom” is first recorded in the 1800s and probably originates as a shortened form of “mamma,” which appears in the 1550s. Ultimately, they both appear to come from baby talk. Linguist Roman Jakobson offers this more specific origin
“Often the sucking activities of a child are accompanied by a slight nasal murmur, the only phonation which can be produced when the lips are pressed to mother’s breast or to the feeding bottle and the mouth full. Later, this phonatory reaction to nursing is reproduced as an anticipatory signal at the mere sight of food and finally as a manifestation of a desire to eat, or more generally, as an expression of discontent and impatient longing for missing food or absent nurser, and any ungranted wish.”

When these mouth movements and murmurs are made without anything to suck on nearby, Jakobson thought, they come out as an m followed by a vowel sound, and may have eventually led to dear old “mom.”
 If you look into language origin in books and all. So honestly umm.. whatever, I mean.  Nicely timed funda though  no that I know. I was asking if the two dudes in the link, ie the cocktails and dreams people are better than that guy who does quizzes at zu tisch
 Being an NGO member is a workaround. But organizers should see. TGM eliminated Prempal and Arnav when they tried to participate as corporates while in diff colleges.
 Oh hahaha I get it now. That way we can create a full fledged DQC Leaks. Let's not go there
 The first part of this brand derives from the multinational company which promotes it & the later part is believed to be derived from the name of the currency used in the Vedic age.

which brand I'm talking about (intentionally didn't mention the division cause it would be too easy then)
 The first part of this brand derives from the multinational company which promotes it & the later part is believed to be derived from the name of the currency used in the Vedic age.

which brand I'm talking about
 But, I was literally laughing when they announced it, just an hour ago before the online quiz had to begin.
 The first part of this brand derives from the multinational company which promotes it & the later part is believed to be derived from the name of the currency used in the Vedic age.

which brand I'm talking about
 okay a little while ago the parent company had the attention of like 75% of us for about an hour
 *X* is a song by  American rock duo *Y*. It was released as the lead single from their fourth studio album,Elephant, on March 7, 2003. Recently, it's remixed version was used as the background music of *Z*
 guys,  thoda peasant sawaal hai, 

ive played battlefield bad company 2  and 4 also,. 

so wasnt there ever a BATTLEFIELD 1P
 I saw this tweet on my wall and wondered why it was shared. If I had known ki quiz q ban jaayega toh I'd have googled then only. Ah well, lesson learned for the future
 Who was the main theorist? Watson or Crick? Whoever that was, couldn't even put it all together without getting sloshed and then popping some LSD
 They popped acid and saw something move on their beer bottle label. That's what our class 12 bio teacher told us 😝
 Sky Bet are offering 250/1 on Max winning the Premier League in his lifetime, though you might have to wait a while as the  X boy was only born in 2010.
 X was one of the first people to know about the death of OBL, even tweeting it an hour before POTUS made it public.
 West ham have signed a player Sean Allen giving him the 50 no. Jersey
Making his signing one the first of its kind.
Who is Sean Allen and what role is given to him?
 Correct 
First esports player to have been signed 
Sean will now represent them in all FIFA events
 The kill was announced later but speculation was rampant as White House has announced that the President would directly address the nation later that day
 #cantbelieveimaskinghollywood
In the irritating Oppo ad that you can see on TV these days, starring Hrithik and Sonam, the audio track goes 'Bright and Beautiful' and so on. In the advertisement, beautiful is said in a way which was kind of made famous by a film character from the previous decade. Id the character and the film.
 A £200 million state-of-the-art polar research ship is to be named X, the Science Minister Jo Johnson has confirmed today, ignoring the name chosen by people, Y, in an online vote and choosing the runner-up instead. 
But the government has confirmed that Y will live on as the name of the sub sea vehicle that will support the research crew
 Okay so, the guy in question had a tital originally given to the ruler of Habsburg States.
 man, Samanth is awesome that way.. god level quizzer and at the top of his game, career-wise
 I live in JB Nagar. My college is in Vile Parle. I've become half a Gujju.  Who was the first swimmer to achieve the 100 metres freestyle under a minute feat? An open follower and proponent of Kellogg's outrageous diet. #kolstylz
 Infestyou-us and BC Cup, which is the solo sports Quiz, still happen on the steps in front of the lake.
 It used to be 1-1. Now, only the final is . the others are IR rounds.
 Danait used to run this pretty cool quiz blog,  back when it was cool,  quizzardo me thinks. 
thay was when he was in school,  had some quality questions for a school quizzer run blog.
 It is a common slang phrase, used as a simple existential observation that life is full of imperfections and unforeseeable events. The phrase is an acknowledgement that bad things happen to people for no particular reason. In the 1994 film X, it was suggested that X created the slang when he was running across the country.
Which phrase and X?
 And. 
When she asked me why didn't you study for viva. I replied 'ab main kya hi bolun' :P
 i had a friend who told the sst teacher in 10th grade during a viva - 
"baaki gyaan toh aapko hoga hi, puch ke kya karogaay"
 so what it didnt supercede the expectations laid down by eye to eye. 
but it is art on its own.
 From Otto von (don't answer if seen)

Headline today in Hindustan Times. Identify X and Y.

Upma no more? X, Y part ways
 Bc if you are into quizzing. People will advise you for two things 1)Kbc mein try karo. 2)IAS ke liye try karo
 Does anybody here like those articles that have such headings, 10 ways..., you won't believe, look what this guy did?
 Patanjali goes to B Schools now to hire grads, one of the criteria - You should know Yoga
 1. Be a girl
2. Become event head of Farewell
3. post this: Important announcement
Whosoever has not yet given the money for farewell kindly do that by tomorrow, otherwise u won't be getting ur admit cards tomorrow as told by HOD ma'am.
 It was 800 rupees for those who wanted to come for farewell but only for those who wanted to go
 Epic win today at pub quiz. Worth seeing Chugh kunal and bhayya face at end of it. Felt bad apra was in their team  Twice I have played gigs in pubs and while getting on stage people shouted "Band baaja baraat"
 So have gone from doing rock to very pretentious prog metal, to blues. Though very basic blues.
 Very pretentious progressive metal? Did you play djent with over the top band name and sick artwork?
 @Nikhil yeah man. Even among the top brass of bands, a lot of bassists are shared
 Come to think of it, that's what happened to Roger Waters too. Hmm. Maybe there is hope yet
 Yeah man. Plays with Shilpa Rao and what not. His main band, Soul'd Out is fucking insane.
 Eh the cat doesn't look like an ertiga at all. Ertiga is taller longer. 6 seater etc
 Anyone here got tickets for Penn Masala?
I'm wondering how Farzi Cafe will fit 200 people.
 Okay this is some cheerful news.



How did the Russian forces recently celebrate their defeat of ISIS in Palmyra? It involved putting something to use after literally, quite a long time.
 Concert by orchestra of some important orchestra of st. Petersburg and matching with some war victory
 X is an American film and television actress and director. X began her career in television, starring on the sitcoms Gidget and The Flying Nun. She ventured into film with Smokey and the Bandit and later Norma Rae, for which she received the Academy Award for Best Actress. 
After X portrayed the role of Y for two movies, Y is now going to be played by 51 year old Z.
Id X, Y and Z
 After Xs birth, there nearly was an exchange of babies with a fisherman's new-born baby. Luckily Narayan, X's uncle had spotted a birth mark on him a while ago and when the baby in the cot didnt have it, there was chaos. He was ultimately located in the cot where the fisherman's wife had kept her baby. In his autobiography, X writes“Perhaps, I would have grown-up to be an obscure fisherman, toiling somewhere along the west coast...I sometimes muse on the possibilities of fishing in Mahim, if not for the doctor”

ID X.
 This term, very popular among cricket commentators, comes from the Latin word for Lead (the element).It is the name of the device, that has a heavy lead ball, attached to the end of a rope, used to gauge the straightness of a wall or surface, This word also gives its name to a particular profession.What word?
 X-  So what does Brian Lara D**k taste like ? Y- I don’t know, ask your wife. X(losing it)- If you ever f***ing mention my wife again, I will f***ing rip your f***ing throat out.

Id X and Y.
 Sachin’s wax statue was unveiled at SCG on April 20th 2013 before being placed at Sydney's MadameTussauds Wax Museum. What was wrong about this statue ?
 When X got his first ever call to the national team, they asked him about his formative years and how he learned the game. He said he was given a book and in that there was a sequence of photographs of Bishen Singh Bedi bowling and he studied every photograph and learnt bowling. 

Identify X and the photographer who has covered over 325 test matches
 #kolstylz
Mahler’s 8th Symphony is known by which Generic name, signifying the large orchestral and vocal group required to perform it.
 X played 47 tests for Australia, scoring 5 hundreds and 17 fifties and is remembered as a gritty, courageous player. In what he calls his best innings, he actually retired hurt with the with the team's score on 28. Neil Harvey came to bat and was out first ball, hitting a full toss to short mid-on. X came back to bat the next day and was finally dismissed for 89. 

Who is X? What would have happened if X didn't come out to bat?
 He's referring to Jon resigning from the post of Lord Commander, and other secrets that were revealed.
 Some people download it and watch at dinner time.
Not everyone is as free as first years.
 Well, GRRM must've kept in mind what the fans wanted and then he ignored it, just like he's been doing since first season.
 More stabbings
Letting him freeze to death 
Make him the next Varys and then leave him to freeze
 Isn't the writer different?
The guy who's writing screen adaptation of season 6. 
I thought, GRRM has an advisory role, because if he had his ways, resurrection would never have happened.
 I forgot the name of the guy, he gets credit before every episode, he's writing it now.
 Baat baat mein main/recurring characters keep dying. Every episode almost. As if they need to now.
 I wonder whether we'll get more episodes like The Laws of Gods and Men, where the highlight of the episode can be a fucking awesome speech and not someone dying
 Well, nudity, fights, and blood sell more. 

Though, I liked the fighting scenes, even the hanging, they seemed pretty real
 GRRM has spoken to the show runners. They're following the General storyline but deviating from the books. That is, not strictly adhering to them.
 Like why would it suddenly occur to Davos who normally isn't a big fan of black magic, to go ask Melisandre to revive him? Not the first time someone important has died.
 Everyone knew Jon would come back. It would have been pointless to hold it off as suspense.
 Yes I agree. They gave away enough in the trailers anyways. But all I'm saying is they could have shown a little more detailed reason to back up his resurrection.
 Maybe Davos desperately needed someone to follow. Maybe stannis's death hit him hard, and he can only cope by doing the only thing he knows. To follow.
 X played 47 tests for Australia, scoring 5 hundreds and 17 fifties and is remembered as a gritty, courageous player. In what he calls his best innings, he actually retired hurt with the with the team's score on 28. Neil Harvey came to bat and was out first ball, hitting a full toss to short mid-on. X came back to bat the next day and was finally dismissed for 89. 

Who is X? What would have happened if X didn't come out to bat?
 In 2005-06 test at Adelaide, Lara smashed 226 and overtook Alan Border’s record. In the process something rare happened, something that had last happened in 1886-87. After that it happened 4 more times -> all involving India vs Sri Lanka, three times in India and once in Sri Lanka in 2010.

 • It looks very unlikely to happen in the near future. • What rare feat are we talking about?
 Leading wicket taker and run getter playing together against each other in the same match. Isn't that right?
 It would have been surprising had he not answered, given that he only told me about the two xD
 Shvabh. Don't be a douchebag. Some people had exams today. GoT spoilers are the bane of Monday but at least 1-2 din toh wait Kar lia Kar.
 Haha I was just kidding man.  I don't watch any show. I can never maintain the continuity
 Don't watch it then. Don't watch and spoil it for others who might have different opinions.
 Ab agar Arthur Dayne was killed, then how does it matter that Howland Reed stabbed him in the back?
 On one Christmas eve, the mutant detecting computer Cerebro, detected "the most powerful mutant ever registered"in New York's Rockefeller Center. When both the X Men and the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants sought him out and had a scuffle, this mutant transformed the Brotherhood into inanimate toys, teleported the X Men away and erased their memories. He then gifted the city with snowfall
 Okay so parallel hint.

A Byju education advert asking different people about the colour of a particular 'thing' which we all see daily.
 X always feared getting murdered ever said X's wife since his good friend, Y was killed off. Once, burglars broke into X's home, however, X survived the burglary without getting killed. However, the experience of getting so close to death haunted him for quite a while. He eventually died a natural death in 2001, not natural per se, cancer was to blame here. But none the less, identify X and Y. Think of famous killings and all.
 Tomorrow will be the 75th anniversary of what event, which the citizens of an entire city literaly ‘had to sit through’ and later came to be known as ‘The Longest Night’.
 He is a character in a fictional universe featured in a work , the first instalment of which was introduced in 1997. He gained his name from the post-apocalyptic movie, 'A Boy and His Dog'. The dog in the movie the accompanies the protagonist, is called Blood, but at one point, the boy refers to him as _______. Who am I talking about?
 It is an ancient Jewish prayer sequence regularly recited at a synagogue service, or for the dead, generally concluding with a prayer for universal peace. A particular form of this, dedicated to a certain Naomi, became extremely famous in the 60's. What am I talking about and why did it shoot to fame?
 This prayer is called a Kaddish, also made extremely famous by Allen Ginsberg in the form of a poem dedicated to his late mother Naomi Ginsberg, published in 1961
 #BakchodQ

Dvora Scheinerman, along with her husband, produced a certain ‘detergent’ which will go on to ‘cleanse’ a certain people. What am I talking about?
 Where either of the jaws protrudes beyond a predetermined imaginary line in the coronal plane of the skull
 I was watching this dance show on TV. And it just can't get out of my mind that Vikram Joshi looks like twin brother of Terence Lewis
 What I suggest is, if the artist is obscure enough, you can probably upload/link here the painting which is the subject of the question
 What the fuck Varun. I think people take my sarcasm more seriously than I want them to.
 Also, latest communist theory. Constitution of India was formed by an assembly elected by a 20% franchise. CPI would've swept the assembly if was universal adult franchise at that time.
 Why is a Roman rich guy called Lentulus Batiatus remembered, something to do with bloody sandy shit may give you a hint
 Akul Kapoor Jayant and whosoever has seen please let the others try. It's easy as it is. Yes waiting Akul
 Fundus on both ends are annoying, but I get a feeling you get overexposure to left waale  Yes. Morons on both sides are irritating. But everyone knows the right wing idiocy, the left wing idiocy remains hidden in class rooms of JNU and DU.
 Finding one of the audios. Maybe the idiots on the right wing won't be idiots anymore
 For example, I don't see why the government should not invest in making better roads because the people who repair potholes will lose their jobs. Like wtf.
 Raghav, you'll be surprised. He has read a lot of nazi literature. Keeps arguing with the commies and also with people like me.
 This week's John Oliver episode is the best one I have seen in AGES. SO GOOD. So necessary
 Like the communists also don't deny the Stalinist purges or moa's great leap. They just say it was necessary.
 Watch the SNL skit where Ahmedinijad reacts to the release of Argo and makes his own movie
 My fav is chicken farmers. I'm guessing he wanted to see just how obscure he could go and still have people watch it
 Did you guys listen to Tinker Tailor Soldier Sailor Rich man Poor man Beggar Man thief?
 Silly String is a toy that is sprayed out of an aerosol can as a stream of liquid which solidifies into brightly-coloured string when the solvent evaporates.
American soldiers in Iraq would often ask family and friends to send them cans of Silly String as they had ingeniously repurposed it to perform a vital, often life-saving, function.

For what use did the soldiers require Silly String?
 What is unique about prisoners in jixi Labour camp in China, who were generally  made to do an extra special work at night time by guards, as a form of punishment?
 Also, you get access to all the quizzes right from the inception of the BQC, so its worth it.
 All college quizzes done by any DQC person goes out to all members of the mailing list
 In all seriousness, we need Delhi’s senior quizzers to do this. If random people like me try this, it won’t work
 if you do get it registered, please make a sombre name. Some things dont HAVE to be puns
 Now that I am also into open quizzing u know I will be making sure many happen
 Do a calendar - have a Jan open Feb open types once a month and rest session like Fundaesliga
 Yeah for that we need all.the people to turn up and forego personal strife as well. As it is Delhi has a low turnout
 Not of open people, college kids make up. That is fine. Thats the ethos of quizzing in Delhi. But other cities have less college and more OPEN quizzers
 That Netaji Nagar club place, can be a fixed venue.
But, just gotta ask Doctor how to get access to it, I mean application, or a week prior notice.
 Ravtej - bro we can schedule our quizzes such that DTU and CBS have quizzes on the same day, one's after the other so that people will have more incentive to come
 Divyanshu gets it. He's the first person born in the 21st century to play professional football in England
 What distinction does Martin Van Buren, the 8th president of the USA hold? A feat that all his predecessor would/could have been jealous of (or maybe not)?
 Shortest warBetween Zanzibar and England in 1896: 38 minutes only as Zanzibar surrendered.
Strongest muscle in the body:
Tongue
The shortest complete sentence:
I am.
Stewardesses is the longest word typed only with the left hand.
All Continent names begin and end with the same alphabet.
 South America, North America don’t end with the same alphabet, nor Oceania (if you consider it)
 Four-way tie for first. Snow leopard. -- 1 to each of em. AG, SB, RLS, RK
 Which media company (which champions the school of immersionist type of journalism) Is called by its founders "the time Warner of the streets"???
 I fucked up way too many times in those quizzes sir. Still have a lot to learn  A lot of my friends have gotten 75/75 even when they have attempted like 70 or 71 ka paper. 
Draw diagrams wherever possible and wrute more than required. You'll pakka get good marks
 This is like Board exams. Random shit. If your score can go up, surely someone can arbitrarily screw you over?
 Yes yes, it depends on the exam-checker. In DU, the professor who takes the class doesn't check the paper
 In DTU and I suppose IITs also, the professor who teaches you sets the paper as well as checks them. In fact,  this allows professors in our department to routinely truncate syllabus because they can't be bothered teaching it.
 BC source honi chahiye. Leak toh ho jaata hai. Jat people in class manage to somehow. Phir bhi back aati hai.
 They can teach whatever the fuck they want, and students can choose whether or not to do them
 What I mean is whatever the profs teaches comes in the exam. Doesn't need to be the same as the prescribed syllabus because the prof will set the paper
 well, there are *certain* core subjects with a standarized content, but there is immense flexibility even there
 snaps of these messages on this group will get you fired from a job 10 years later, Ravtej  How candle in the wind enters the charts all of a sudden in 1997. Full funda feels 😁
 ____ ________ _____ now, and melt with ruthAnd, O ye Dolphins, waft the hapless youth."
Words from John Milton's Lycidas, minus the punctuation. Title of which "coming of age" book fills in the blanks?
 I could swear I knew at least 1-2 different works that draw their titles from Lycidas
 There are tons of people like me and wayyyy more ambitious and driven, sir. who knows what the future holds.
 sigh. exam tomorrow, havent even started studying this shit. You cant motivate yourself to study for a course you just have to pass..
 So in short words, the body will spend as much calories bringing the temperature of the water to body level as running or exercising
 He was born in Lahore on December 19, 1919. He was known as “Fateh Din”,a radio personality and his programmes made him popular all over Lahore and Punjab. He was spotted at a wedding by Dalsukh Pancholi, who offered him the first break in the movie Daasi(1944). His notable movies were Buddha Mil Gaya, Chuppke Chuppke? 

Who is he?
 X admits that when he was studying at the Film and Televison Institute,Pune,he would often bump into a pretty girl Rehana.Soon,he started courting her,away from the vigilant eyes of her grandfather and father, through little love notes which always ended with ____X admits that when he was studying at the Film and Televison Institute,Pune,he would often bump into a pretty girl Rehana.Soon,he started courting her,away from the vigilant eyes of her grandfather and father, through little love notes which always ended with ____
 Only two cricketers have achieved a career triple of 5000 runs + 100 wickets + 100 catches in both Tests and ODIs. One of them is Jacques Kallis. Who is the other?
 The following is a very non-exhaustive list related to ODIs. At last count (few days ago), this list had 189 entries. While the number of names on this list tends to increase as time progresses, local fluctuations are quite common. Some of the more famous names on this list are Identify the phenomenon. According to a story, it owes its existence to a section of tightly packed seats behind the home plate at Fenway Park in Boston. These seats were so close together that whenever a fan had to stand up to get a beer, it caused annoyance to people nearby. It is an example of metachronal rhythm (movements produced by the sequential action). It often circulates three, four or even five times - or until the batsman hits the ball (whichever comes first). What phenomenon is being talked about here?
 The designer of statue of liberty , bartholdi went to egypt to meet a friend. In the port said , he saw female peasant. He was so much admired by her beauty that he decide to make landmark on that lady , But Khedive was not interested , as there were many landmarks in egypt. Ultimately used by eiffel to make statue of liberty
 We are looking at 2000 messages per day on average. And at least 180 days ( when I joined) so lol around 400,000 messages are there
 Yeah I guess Agrim will have a sound advice. He codes day in and day out
 So agrim - we've got this quiz group going yeah so we keep asking random qns here. We are 100 odd days late into this, but any clue how we can archive the questions away from all the random chat text we keep Barking all day
 Chat chat chat. Random qn. Chat chat chat. Random qn. Random qn. Chat chat. Qn. Chat
 someone will have to send me the chat history for this group. the “email” option that gives a txt
 When sending with media, you can send up to 10,000 latest messages. Without media, you can send 40,000 messages. These constraints are due to maximum email sizes.
 if it is succesful we can find a way to run it on the entire chat right?
 Cbse Ke data ko parse kiya tha. Too much fun. So much of revelation from different school
